---
aid: atlassian:atlassian-jira-filter-api
baseURL: ''
description: The Atlassian Jira Filter API enables creating, managing, and sharing issue filters within Jira.
humanURL: https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v3/api-group-filters/#api-group-filters
image: ''
layout: api
name: Atlassian Jira Filter API
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/atlassian/refs/heads/main/openapi/atlassian-rest-api-3-filter--openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v3/api-group-filters/
provider_name: Atlassian
provider_slug: atlassian
slug: atlassian-jira-filter-api
source_filename: atlassian-rest-api-3-filter--openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "components:\n  schemas:\n    DefaultShareScope:\n      additionalProperties: false\n      description: >-\n        Details of the scope of the default sharing for new filters and\n        dashboards.\n      properties:\n        scope:\n          description: |-\n            The scope of the default sharing for new filters and dashboards:\n\n             *  `AUTHENTICATED` Shared with all logged-in users.\n             *  `GLOBAL` Shared with all logged-in users. This shows as `AUTHENTICATED` in the response.\n             *  `PRIVATE` Not shared with any users.\n          enum:\n            - GLOBAL\n            - AUTHENTICATED\n            - PRIVATE\n          type: string\n      required:\n        - scope\n      type: object\n      xml:\n        name: defaultShareScope\n    PageBeanFilterDetails:\n      additionalProperties: false\n      description: A page of items.\n      properties:\n        isLast:\n          description: Whether this is the last page.\n          readOnly:\
  \ true\n          type: boolean\n        maxResults:\n          description: The maximum number of items that could be returned.\n          format: int32\n          readOnly: true\n          type: integer\n        nextPage:\n          description: If there is another page of results, the URL of the next page.\n          format: uri\n          readOnly: true\n          type: string\n        self:\n          description: The URL of the page.\n          format: uri\n          readOnly: true\n          type: string\n        startAt:\n          description: The index of the first item returned.\n          format: int64\n          readOnly: true\n          type: integer\n        total:\n          description: The number of items returned.\n          format: int64\n          readOnly: true\n          type: integer\n        values:\n          description: The list of items.\n          items:\n            $ref: '#/components/schemas/FilterDetails'\n          readOnly: true\n          type: array\n\
  \      type: object\n    Filter:\n      additionalProperties: false\n      description: Details about a filter.\n      properties:\n        approximateLastUsed:\n          description: >-\n            \\[Experimental\\] Approximate last used time. Returns the date and\n            time when the filter was last used. Returns `null` if the filter\n            hasn't been used after tracking was enabled. For performance\n            reasons, timestamps aren't updated in real time and therefore may\n            not be exactly accurate.\n          format: date-time\n          readOnly: true\n          type: string\n        description:\n          description: A description of the filter.\n          type: string\n        editPermissions:\n          description: The groups and projects that can edit the filter.\n          items:\n            $ref: '#/components/schemas/SharePermission'\n          type: array\n        favourite:\n          description: Whether the filter is selected as a favorite.\n\
  \          type: boolean\n        favouritedCount:\n          description: >-\n            The count of how many users have selected this filter as a favorite,\n            including the filter owner.\n          format: int64\n          readOnly: true\n          type: integer\n        id:\n          description: The unique identifier for the filter.\n          readOnly: true\n          type: string\n        jql:\n          description: >-\n            The JQL query for the filter. For example, *project = SSP AND\n            issuetype = Bug*.\n          type: string\n        name:\n          description: The name of the filter. Must be unique.\n          type: string\n        owner:\n          allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/User'\n          description: >-\n            The user who owns the filter. This is defaulted to the creator of\n            the filter, however Jira administrators can change the owner of a\n            shared filter in the admin settings.\n    \
  \      readOnly: true\n        searchUrl:\n          description: >-\n            A URL to view the filter results in Jira, using the [Search for\n            issues using JQL](#api-rest-api-3-filter-search-get) operation with\n            the filter's JQL string to return the filter results. For example,\n            *https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/search?jql=project+%3D+SSP+AND+issuetype+%3D+Bug*.\n          format: uri\n          readOnly: true\n          type: string\n        self:\n          description: The URL of the filter.\n          format: uri\n          readOnly: true\n          type: string\n        sharePermissions:\n          description: The groups and projects that the filter is shared with.\n          items:\n            $ref: '#/components/schemas/SharePermission'\n          type: array\n        sharedUsers:\n          allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/UserList'\n          description: >-\n            A paginated list of the users that the\
  \ filter is shared with. This\n            includes users that are members of the groups or can browse the\n            projects that the filter is shared with.\n          readOnly: true\n        subscriptions:\n          allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/FilterSubscriptionsList'\n          description: A paginated list of the users that are subscribed to the filter.\n          readOnly: true\n        viewUrl:\n          description: >-\n            A URL to view the filter results in Jira, using the ID of the\n            filter. For example,\n            *https://your-domain.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=10100*.\n          format: uri\n          readOnly: true\n          type: string\n      required:\n        - name\n      type: object\n      xml:\n        name: filter\n    SharePermission:\n      additionalProperties: false\n      description: Details of a share permission for the filter.\n      properties:\n        group:\n          allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/GroupName'\n\
  \          description: >-\n            The group that the filter is shared with. For a request, specify the\n            `groupId` or `name` property for the group. As a group's name can\n            change, use of `groupId` is recommended.\n        id:\n          description: The unique identifier of the share permission.\n          format: int64\n          readOnly: true\n          type: integer\n        project:\n          allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/Project'\n          description: >-\n            The project that the filter is shared with. This is similar to the\n            project object returned by [Get\n            project](#api-rest-api-3-project-projectIdOrKey-get) but it contains\n            a subset of the properties, which are: `self`, `id`, `key`,\n            `assigneeType`, `name`, `roles`, `avatarUrls`, `projectType`,\n            `simplified`.  \n\n            For a request, specify the `id` for the project.\n        role:\n          allOf:\n\
  \            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/ProjectRole'\n          description: >-\n            The project role that the filter is shared with.  \n\n            For a request, specify the `id` for the role. You must also specify\n            the `project` object and `id` for the project that the role is in.\n        type:\n          description: |-\n            The type of share permission:\n\n             *  `user` Shared with a user.\n             *  `group` Shared with a group. If set in a request, then specify `sharePermission.group` as well.\n             *  `project` Shared with a project. If set in a request, then specify `sharePermission.project` as well.\n             *  `projectRole` Share with a project role in a project. This value is not returned in responses. It is used in requests, where it needs to be specify with `projectId` and `projectRoleId`.\n             *  `global` Shared globally. If set in a request, no other `sharePermission` properties need to be specified.\n\
  \             *  `loggedin` Shared with all logged-in users. Note: This value is set in a request by specifying `authenticated` as the `type`.\n             *  `project-unknown` Shared with a project that the user does not have access to. Cannot be set in a request.\n          enum:\n            - user\n            - group\n            - project\n            - projectRole\n            - global\n            - loggedin\n            - authenticated\n            - project-unknown\n          type: string\n        user:\n          allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/UserBean'\n          description: >-\n            The user account ID that the filter is shared with. For a request,\n            specify the `accountId` property for the user.\n      required:\n        - type\n      type: object\nexternalDocs:\n  description: Find out more about Atlassian products and services.\n  url: http://www.atlassian.com\ninfo:\n  contact:\n    email: ecosystem@atlassian.com\n  description: Needs\
  \ description.\n  license:\n    name: Apache 2.0\n    url: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html\n  termsOfService: http://atlassian.com/terms/\n  title: 'Atlassian rest/api/3/filter/'\n  version: 1001.0.0-SNAPSHOT-67b5c6e5f3598d7ec1649016d026468ab2838a77\nopenapi: 3.0.1\npaths:\n  /rest/api/3/filter/defaultShareScope:\n    get:\n      deprecated: false\n      description: >-\n        Returns the default sharing settings for new filters and dashboards for\n        a user.<br><br>**[Permissions](#permissions) required:** Permission to\n        access Jira.\n      operationId: atlassianGetdefaultsharescope\n      parameters: []\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              example: '{\"scope\":\"GLOBAL\"}'\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/DefaultShareScope'\n          description: Returned if the request is successful.\n        '401':\n          description: Returned if the authentication credentials\
  \ are incorrect or missing.\n      security:\n        - basicAuth: []\n        - OAuth2:\n            - read:jira-work\n        - {}\n      summary: Atlassian Get Default Share Scope\n      tags:\n        - Filter Sharing\n      x-atlassian-data-security-policy:\n        - app-access-rule-exempt: true\n      x-atlassian-oauth2-scopes:\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:jira-work\n          state: Current\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:filter.default-share-scope:jira\n          state: Beta\n      x-atlassian-connect-scope: READ\n    put:\n      deprecated: false\n      description: >-\n        Sets the default sharing for new filters and dashboards for a\n        user.<br><br>**[Permissions](#permissions) required:** Permission to\n        access Jira.\n      operationId: atlassianSetdefaultsharescope\n      parameters: []\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          application/json:\n            example:\n           \
  \   scope: GLOBAL\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/DefaultShareScope'\n        required: true\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              example: '{\"scope\":\"GLOBAL\"}'\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/DefaultShareScope'\n          description: Returned if the request is successful.\n        '400':\n          description: Returned if an invalid scope is set.\n        '401':\n          description: Returned if the authentication credentials are incorrect or missing.\n      security:\n        - basicAuth: []\n        - OAuth2:\n            - write:jira-work\n        - {}\n      summary: Atlassian Set Default Share Scope\n      tags:\n        - Filter Sharing\n      x-atlassian-data-security-policy:\n        - app-access-rule-exempt: true\n      x-atlassian-oauth2-scopes:\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - write:jira-work\n          state: Current\n\
  \        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - write:filter.default-share-scope:jira\n            - read:filter.default-share-scope:jira\n          state: Beta\n      x-atlassian-connect-scope: WRITE\n  /rest/api/3/filter/favourite:\n    get:\n      deprecated: false\n      description: >-\n        Returns the visible favorite filters of the user.<br><br>This operation\n        can be accessed anonymously.<br><br>**[Permissions](#permissions)\n        required:** A favorite filter is only visible to the user where the\n        filter is:<br><br> *  owned by the user.<br> *  shared with a group that\n        the user is a member of.<br> *  shared with a private project that the\n        user has *Browse projects* [project\n        permission](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/yodKLg) for.<br> *  shared with a public project.<br> *  shared with the public.<br><br>For\n        example, if the user favorites a public filter that is subsequently made\n        private that filter\
  \ is not returned by this operation.\n      operationId: atlassianGetfavouritefilters\n      parameters:\n        - description: >-\n            Use [expand](#expansion) to include additional information about\n            filter in the response. This parameter accepts a comma-separated\n            list. Expand options include:\n\n             *  `sharedUsers` Returns the users that the filter is shared with. This includes users that can browse projects that the filter is shared with. If you don't specify `sharedUsers`, then the `sharedUsers` object is returned but it doesn't list any users. The list of users returned is limited to 1000, to access additional users append `[start-index:end-index]` to the expand request. For example, to access the next 1000 users, use `?expand=sharedUsers[1001:2000]`.\n             *  `subscriptions` Returns the users that are subscribed to the filter. If you don't specify `subscriptions`, the `subscriptions` object is returned but it doesn't list any subscriptions.\
  \ The list of subscriptions returned is limited to 1000, to access additional subscriptions append `[start-index:end-index]` to the expand request. For example, to access the next 1000 subscriptions, use `?expand=subscriptions[1001:2000]`.\n          in: query\n          name: expand\n          schema:\n            type: string\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              example: >-\n                [{\"approximateLastUsed\":\"2023-03-01T13:15:00.000+0000\",\"description\":\"Lists\n                all open\n                bugs\",\"favourite\":true,\"favouritedCount\":0,\"id\":\"10000\",\"jql\":\"type\n                = Bug and resolution is empty\",\"name\":\"All Open\n                Bugs\",\"owner\":{\"accountId\":\"5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\",\"accountType\":\"atlassian\",\"active\":false,\"avatarUrls\":{\"16x16\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=16&s=16\",\"24x24\"\
  :\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=24&s=24\",\"32x32\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=32&s=32\",\"48x48\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=48&s=48\"},\"displayName\":\"Mia\n                Krystof\",\"key\":\"\",\"name\":\"\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/user?accountId=5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\"},\"searchUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/search?jql=type%20%3D%20Bug%20and%20resolutino%20is%20empty\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/filter/10000\",\"sharePermissions\":[],\"subscriptions\":{\"end-index\":0,\"items\":[],\"max-results\":0,\"size\":0,\"start-index\":0},\"viewUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=10000\"},{\"approximateLastUsed\":null,\"description\":\"Issues\n                assigned to\n\
  \                me\",\"favourite\":true,\"favouritedCount\":0,\"id\":\"10010\",\"jql\":\"assignee\n                = currentUser() and resolution is empty\",\"name\":\"My\n                issues\",\"owner\":{\"accountId\":\"5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\",\"accountType\":\"atlassian\",\"active\":false,\"avatarUrls\":{\"16x16\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=16&s=16\",\"24x24\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=24&s=24\",\"32x32\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=32&s=32\",\"48x48\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=48&s=48\"},\"displayName\":\"Mia\n                Krystof\",\"key\":\"\",\"name\":\"\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/user?accountId=5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\"},\"searchUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/search?jql=assignee+in+%28currentUser%28%29%29+and+resolution+is+empty\"\
  ,\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/filter/10010\",\"sharePermissions\":[{\"id\":10000,\"type\":\"global\"},{\"id\":10010,\"project\":{\"avatarUrls\":{\"16x16\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=xsmall&pid=10000\",\"24x24\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=small&pid=10000\",\"32x32\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=medium&pid=10000\",\"48x48\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=large&pid=10000\"},\"id\":\"10000\",\"insight\":{\"lastIssueUpdateTime\":\"2021-04-22T05:37:05.000+0000\",\"totalIssueCount\":100},\"key\":\"EX\",\"name\":\"Example\",\"projectCategory\":{\"description\":\"First\n                Project\n                Category\",\"id\":\"10000\",\"name\":\"FIRST\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/projectCategory/10000\"},\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/project/EX\",\"simplified\":false,\"style\":\"\
  classic\"},\"type\":\"project\"}],\"subscriptions\":{\"end-index\":0,\"items\":[],\"max-results\":0,\"size\":0,\"start-index\":0},\"viewUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=10010\"}]\n              schema:\n                items:\n                  $ref: '#/components/schemas/Filter'\n                type: array\n          description: Returned if the request is successful.\n        '401':\n          description: Returned if the authentication credentials are incorrect or missing.\n      security:\n        - basicAuth: []\n        - OAuth2:\n            - read:jira-work\n        - {}\n      summary: Atlassian Get Favorite Filters\n      tags:\n        - Filters\n      x-atlassian-data-security-policy:\n        - app-access-rule-exempt: true\n      x-atlassian-oauth2-scopes:\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:jira-work\n          state: Current\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:filter:jira\n            - read:group:jira\n\
  \            - read:project:jira\n            - read:project-role:jira\n            - read:user:jira\n            - read:jql:jira\n            - read:application-role:jira\n            - read:avatar:jira\n            - read:issue-type-hierarchy:jira\n          state: Beta\n      x-atlassian-connect-scope: READ\n  /rest/api/3/filter/my:\n    get:\n      deprecated: false\n      description: >-\n        Returns the filters owned by the user. If `includeFavourites` is `true`,\n        the user's visible favorite filters are also\n        returned.<br><br>**[Permissions](#permissions) required:** Permission to\n        access Jira, however, a favorite filters is only visible to the user\n        where the filter is:<br><br> *  owned by the user.<br> *  shared with a\n        group that the user is a member of.<br> *  shared with a private project\n        that the user has *Browse projects* [project\n        permission](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/yodKLg) for.<br> *  shared with a public\
  \ project.<br> *  shared with the public.<br><br>For\n        example, if the user favorites a public filter that is subsequently made\n        private that filter is not returned by this operation.\n      operationId: atlassianGetmyfilters\n      parameters:\n        - description: >-\n            Use [expand](#expansion) to include additional information about\n            filter in the response. This parameter accepts a comma-separated\n            list. Expand options include:\n\n             *  `sharedUsers` Returns the users that the filter is shared with. This includes users that can browse projects that the filter is shared with. If you don't specify `sharedUsers`, then the `sharedUsers` object is returned but it doesn't list any users. The list of users returned is limited to 1000, to access additional users append `[start-index:end-index]` to the expand request. For example, to access the next 1000 users, use `?expand=sharedUsers[1001:2000]`.\n             *  `subscriptions`\
  \ Returns the users that are subscribed to the filter. If you don't specify `subscriptions`, the `subscriptions` object is returned but it doesn't list any subscriptions. The list of subscriptions returned is limited to 1000, to access additional subscriptions append `[start-index:end-index]` to the expand request. For example, to access the next 1000 subscriptions, use `?expand=subscriptions[1001:2000]`.\n          in: query\n          name: expand\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - description: Include the user's favorite filters in the response.\n          in: query\n          name: includeFavourites\n          schema:\n            default: false\n            type: boolean\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              example: >-\n                [{\"approximateLastUsed\":\"2023-03-01T13:15:00.000+0000\",\"description\":\"Lists\n                all open\n                bugs\",\"favourite\":true,\"favouritedCount\"\
  :0,\"id\":\"10000\",\"jql\":\"type\n                = Bug and resolution is empty\",\"name\":\"All Open\n                Bugs\",\"owner\":{\"accountId\":\"5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\",\"accountType\":\"atlassian\",\"active\":false,\"avatarUrls\":{\"16x16\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=16&s=16\",\"24x24\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=24&s=24\",\"32x32\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=32&s=32\",\"48x48\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=48&s=48\"},\"displayName\":\"Mia\n                Krystof\",\"key\":\"\",\"name\":\"\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/user?accountId=5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\"},\"searchUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/search?jql=type%20%3D%20Bug%20and%20resolutino%20is%20empty\"\
  ,\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/filter/10000\",\"sharePermissions\":[],\"subscriptions\":{\"end-index\":0,\"items\":[],\"max-results\":0,\"size\":0,\"start-index\":0},\"viewUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=10000\"},{\"approximateLastUsed\":null,\"description\":\"Issues\n                assigned to\n                me\",\"favourite\":true,\"favouritedCount\":0,\"id\":\"10010\",\"jql\":\"assignee\n                = currentUser() and resolution is empty\",\"name\":\"My\n                issues\",\"owner\":{\"accountId\":\"5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\",\"accountType\":\"atlassian\",\"active\":false,\"avatarUrls\":{\"16x16\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=16&s=16\",\"24x24\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=24&s=24\",\"32x32\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=32&s=32\"\
  ,\"48x48\":\"https://avatar-management--avatars.server-location.prod.public.atl-paas.net/initials/MK-5.png?size=48&s=48\"},\"displayName\":\"Mia\n                Krystof\",\"key\":\"\",\"name\":\"\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/user?accountId=5b10a2844c20165700ede21g\"},\"searchUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/search?jql=assignee+in+%28currentUser%28%29%29+and+resolution+is+empty\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/filter/10010\",\"sharePermissions\":[{\"id\":10000,\"type\":\"global\"},{\"id\":10010,\"project\":{\"avatarUrls\":{\"16x16\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=xsmall&pid=10000\",\"24x24\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=small&pid=10000\",\"32x32\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=medium&pid=10000\",\"48x48\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/secure/projectavatar?size=large&pid=10000\"},\"id\":\"10000\",\"insight\":{\"lastIssueUpdateTime\"\
  :\"2021-04-22T05:37:05.000+0000\",\"totalIssueCount\":100},\"key\":\"EX\",\"name\":\"Example\",\"projectCategory\":{\"description\":\"First\n                Project\n                Category\",\"id\":\"10000\",\"name\":\"FIRST\",\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/projectCategory/10000\"},\"self\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/project/EX\",\"simplified\":false,\"style\":\"classic\"},\"type\":\"project\"}],\"subscriptions\":{\"end-index\":0,\"items\":[],\"max-results\":0,\"size\":0,\"start-index\":0},\"viewUrl\":\"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/issues/?filter=10010\"}]\n              schema:\n                items:\n                  $ref: '#/components/schemas/Filter'\n                type: array\n          description: Returned if the request is successful.\n        '401':\n          description: Returned if the authentication credentials are incorrect or missing.\n      security:\n        - basicAuth: []\n        - OAuth2:\n            - read:jira-work\n\
  \        - {}\n      summary: Atlassian Get My Filters\n      tags:\n        - Filters\n      x-atlassian-data-security-policy:\n        - app-access-rule-exempt: false\n      x-atlassian-oauth2-scopes:\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:jira-work\n          state: Current\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:filter:jira\n            - read:group:jira\n            - read:project:jira\n            - read:project-role:jira\n            - read:user:jira\n            - read:jql:jira\n            - read:application-role:jira\n            - read:avatar:jira\n            - read:issue-type-hierarchy:jira\n          state: Beta\n      x-atlassian-connect-scope: READ\n  /rest/api/3/filter/search:\n    get:\n      deprecated: false\n      description: >-\n        Returns a [paginated](#pagination) list of filters. Use this operation\n        to get:<br><br> *  specific filters, by defining `id` only.<br> *  filters that match all of the specified\
  \ attributes. For example, all\n        filters for a user with a particular word in their name. When multiple\n        attributes are specified only filters matching all attributes are\n        returned.<br><br>This operation can be accessed\n        anonymously.<br><br>**[Permissions](#permissions) required:** None,\n        however, only the following filters that match the query parameters are\n        returned:<br><br> *  filters owned by the user.<br> *  filters shared\n        with a group that the user is a member of.<br> *  filters shared with a\n        private project that the user has *Browse projects* [project\n        permission](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/yodKLg) for.<br> *  filters shared with a public project.<br> *  filters shared with the\n        public.\n      operationId: atlassianGetfilterspaginated\n      parameters:\n        - description: String used to perform a case-insensitive partial match with `name`.\n          in: query\n          name: filterName\n\
  \          schema:\n            type: string\n        - description: >-\n            User account ID used to return filters with the matching\n            `owner.accountId`. This parameter cannot be used with `owner`.\n          in: query\n          name: accountId\n          schema:\n            maxLength: 128\n            minLength: 0\n            type: string\n        - description: >-\n            This parameter is deprecated because of privacy changes. Use\n            `accountId` instead. See the [migration\n            guide](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/deprecation-notice-user-privacy-api-migration-guide/)\n            for details. User name used to return filters with the matching\n            `owner.name`. This parameter cannot be used with `accountId`.\n          in: query\n          name: owner\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - description: >-\n            As a group's name can change, use of `groupId` is recommended to\n       \
  \     identify a group. Group name used to returns filters that are shared\n            with a group that matches `sharePermissions.group.groupname`. This\n            parameter cannot be used with the `groupId` parameter.\n          in: query\n          name: groupname\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - description: >-\n            Group ID used to returns filters that are shared with a group that\n            matches `sharePermissions.group.groupId`. This parameter cannot be\n            used with the `groupname` parameter.\n          in: query\n          name: groupId\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - description: >-\n            Project ID used to returns filters that are shared with a project\n            that matches `sharePermissions.project.id`.\n          in: query\n          name: projectId\n          schema:\n            format: int64\n            type: integer\n        - description: >-\n            The list of filter IDs. To include\
  \ multiple IDs, provide an\n            ampersand-separated list. For example, `id=10000&id=10001`. Do not\n            exceed 200 filter IDs.\n          in: query\n          name: id\n          schema:\n            items:\n              format: int64\n              type: integer\n            type: array\n            uniqueItems: true\n        - description: |-\n            [Order](#ordering) the results by a field:\n\n             *  `description` Sorts by filter description. Note that this sorting works independently of whether the expand to display the description field is in use.\n             *  `favourite_count` Sorts by the count of how many users have this filter as a favorite.\n             *  `is_favourite` Sorts by whether the filter is marked as a favorite.\n             *  `id` Sorts by filter ID.\n             *  `name` Sorts by filter name.\n             *  `owner` Sorts by the ID of the filter owner.\n             *  `is_shared` Sorts by whether the filter is shared.\n\
  \          in: query\n          name: orderBy\n          schema:\n            default: name\n            enum:\n              - description\n              - '-description'\n              - +description\n              - favourite_count\n              - '-favourite_count'\n              - +favourite_count\n              - id\n              - '-id'\n              - +id\n              - is_favourite\n              - '-is_favourite'\n              - +is_favourite\n              - name\n              - '-name'\n              - +name\n              - owner\n              - '-owner'\n              - +owner\n              - is_shared\n              - '-is_shared'\n              - +is_shared\n            type: string\n        - description: >-\n            The index of the first item to return in a page of results (page\n            offset).\n          in: query\n          name: startAt\n          schema:\n            default: 0\n            format: int64\n            type: integer\n        - description:\
  \ The maximum number of items to return per page.\n          in: query\n          name: maxResults\n          schema:\n            default: 50\n            format: int32\n            type: integer\n        - description: >-\n            Use [expand](#expansion) to include additional information about\n            filter in the response. This parameter accepts a comma-separated\n            list. Expand options include:\n\n             *  `description` Returns the description of the filter.\n             *  `favourite` Returns an indicator of whether the user has set the filter as a favorite.\n             *  `favouritedCount` Returns a count of how many users have set this filter as a favorite.\n             *  `jql` Returns the JQL query that the filter uses.\n             *  `owner` Returns the owner of the filter.\n             *  `searchUrl` Returns a URL to perform the filter's JQL query.\n             *  `sharePermissions` Returns the share permissions defined for the filter.\n \
  \            *  `editPermissions` Returns the edit permissions defined for the filter.\n             *  `isWritable` Returns whether the current user has permission to edit the filter.\n             *  `approximateLastUsed` \\[Experimental\\] Returns the approximate date and time when the filter was last evaluated.\n             *  `subscriptions` Returns the users that are subscribed to the filter.\n             *  `viewUrl` Returns a URL to view the filter.\n          in: query\n          name: expand\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - description: >-\n            EXPERIMENTAL: Whether share permissions are overridden to enable\n            filters with any s\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (103 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/atlassian/refs/heads/main/openapi/atlassian-rest-api-3-filter--openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/atlassian/refs/heads/main/openapi/atlassian-rest-api-3-filter--openapi-original.yml
tags:
- Filters
- Jira
---
