---
aid: atlassian:atlassian-jira-expression-api
baseURL: ''
description: The Atlassian Jira Expression API enables creating custom expressions for complex calculations and data operations within Jira.
humanURL: https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v3/api-group-jira-expressions/#api-group-jira-expressions
image: ''
layout: api
name: Atlassian Jira Expression API
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/atlassian/refs/heads/main/openapi/atlassian-rest-api-3-expression--openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v3/api-group-jira-expressions/
provider_name: Atlassian
provider_slug: atlassian
slug: atlassian-jira-expression-api
source_filename: atlassian-rest-api-3-expression--openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "components:\n  schemas:\n    JiraExpressionsAnalysis:\n      additionalProperties: false\n      description: Details about the analysed Jira expression.\n      properties:\n        results:\n          description: The results of Jira expressions analysis.\n          items:\n            $ref: '#/components/schemas/JiraExpressionAnalysis'\n          type: array\n      required:\n        - results\n      type: object\n    JiraExpressionResult:\n      additionalProperties: false\n      description: The result of evaluating a Jira expression.\n      properties:\n        meta:\n          allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/JiraExpressionEvaluationMetaDataBean'\n          description: >-\n            Contains various characteristics of the performed expression\n            evaluation.\n        value:\n          description: >-\n            The value of the evaluated expression. It may be a primitive JSON\n            value or a Jira REST API object. (Some expressions\
  \ do not produce\n            any meaningful results—for example, an expression that returns a\n            lambda function—if that's the case a simple string representation is\n            returned. These string representations should not be relied upon and\n            may change without notice.)\n      required:\n        - value\n      type: object\nexternalDocs:\n  description: Find out more about Atlassian products and services.\n  url: http://www.atlassian.com\ninfo:\n  contact:\n    email: ecosystem@atlassian.com\n  description: Needs description.\n  license:\n    name: Apache 2.0\n    url: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html\n  termsOfService: http://atlassian.com/terms/\n  title: 'Atlassian rest/api/3/expression/'\n  version: 1001.0.0-SNAPSHOT-67b5c6e5f3598d7ec1649016d026468ab2838a77\nopenapi: 3.0.1\npaths:\n  /rest/api/3/expression/analyse:\n    post:\n      deprecated: false\n      description: >-\n        Analyses and validates Jira expressions.<br><br>As an experimental\n\
  \        feature, this operation can also attempt to type-check the\n        expressions.<br><br>Learn more about Jira expressions in the\n        [documentation](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions/).<br><br>**[Permissions](#permissions)\n        required**: None.\n      operationId: atlassianAnalyseexpression\n      parameters:\n        - description: |-\n            The check to perform:\n\n             *  `syntax` Each expression's syntax is checked to ensure the expression can be parsed. Also, syntactic limits are validated. For example, the expression's length.\n             *  `type` EXPERIMENTAL. Each expression is type checked and the final type of the expression inferred. Any type errors that would result in the expression failure at runtime are reported. For example, accessing properties that don't exist or passing the wrong number of arguments to functions. Also performs the syntax check.\n             *  `complexity` EXPERIMENTAL. Determines\
  \ the formulae for how many [expensive operations](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions/#expensive-operations) each expression may execute.\n          in: query\n          name: check\n          schema:\n            default: syntax\n            enum:\n              - syntax\n              - type\n              - complexity\n            type: string\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          application/json:\n            example:\n              contextVariables:\n                listOfStrings: List<String>\n                record: '{ a: Number, b: String }'\n                value: User\n              expressions:\n                - issues.map(issue => issue.properties['property_key'])\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/JiraExpressionForAnalysis'\n        description: The Jira expressions to analyse.\n        required: true\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n           \
  \   example: >-\n                {\"results\":[{\"expression\":\"analysed\n                expression\",\"errors\":[{\"line\":1,\"column\":4,\"message\":\"!, -,\n                typeof, (, IDENTIFIER, null, true, false, NUMBER, STRING,\n                TEMPLATE_LITERAL, new, [ or { expected, >\n                encountered.\",\"type\":\"syntax\"},{\"message\":\"Jira expression is\n                too long (1040), limit: 1000\n                characters\",\"type\":\"other\"},{\"message\":\"Jira expression has too\n                many nodes (150), limit: 100\n                leaves\",\"type\":\"other\"}],\"valid\":false},{\"expression\":\"issues.map(i\n                => {idAndKey: [i.id, i.key], summary: i.summary, comments:\n                i.comments})\",\"valid\":true,\"type\":\"List<{idAndKey: [Number,\n                String], summary: String, comments:\n                List<Comment>}>\",\"complexity\":{\"expensiveOperations\":\"N\",\"variables\":{\"N\":\"issues\"}}},{\"expression\"\
  :\"issues.map(i\n                => i.id > '0')\",\"errors\":[{\"expression\":\"i.id >\n                0\",\"message\":\"Can't compare Number to\n                String.\",\"type\":\"type\"}],\"valid\":false,\"type\":\"TypeError\"}]}\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/JiraExpressionsAnalysis'\n          description: Returned if the request is successful.\n        '400':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ErrorCollection'\n          description: 400 response\n        '401':\n          description: Returned if the authentication credentials are incorrect or missing.\n        '404':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ErrorCollection'\n          description: 404 response\n      security:\n        - basicAuth: []\n        - OAuth2:\n            - read:jira-work\n            - read:jira-user\n\
  \        - {}\n      summary: Atlassian Analyse Jira Expression\n      tags:\n        - Jira Expressions\n      x-atlassian-data-security-policy:\n        - app-access-rule-exempt: true\n      x-atlassian-oauth2-scopes:\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:jira-work\n            - read:jira-user\n          state: Current\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:field:jira\n            - read:jira-expressions:jira\n          state: Beta\n      x-atlassian-connect-scope: READ\n  /rest/api/3/expression/eval:\n    post:\n      deprecated: false\n      description: >-\n        Evaluates a Jira expression and returns its value.<br><br>This resource\n        can be used to test Jira expressions that you plan to use elsewhere, or\n        to fetch data in a flexible way. Consult the [Jira expressions\n        documentation](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions/)\n        for more details.<br><br>#### Context variables\
  \ ####<br><br>The\n        following context variables are available to Jira expressions evaluated\n        by this resource. Their presence depends on various factors; usually you\n        need to manually request them in the context object sent in the payload,\n        but some of them are added automatically under certain\n        conditions.<br><br> *  `user`\n        ([User](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#user)):\n        The current user. Always available and equal to `null` if the request is\n        anonymous.<br> *  `app`\n        ([App](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#app)):\n        The [Connect\n        app](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/index/#connect-apps)\n        that made the request. Available only for authenticated requests made by\n        Connect Apps (read more here: [Authentication for Connect\n        apps](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/security-for-connect-apps/)).<br>\n\
  \        *  `issue`\n        ([Issue](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#issue)):\n        The current issue. Available only when the issue is provided in the\n        request context object.<br> *  `issues`\n        ([List](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#list)\n        of\n        [Issues](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#issue)):\n        A collection of issues matching a JQL query. Available only when JQL is\n        provided in the request context object.<br> *  `project`\n        ([Project](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#project)):\n        The current project. Available only when the project is provided in the\n        request context object.<br> *  `sprint`\n        ([Sprint](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#sprint)):\n      \
  \  The current sprint. Available only when the sprint is provided in the\n        request context object.<br> *  `board`\n        ([Board](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#board)):\n        The current board. Available only when the board is provided in the\n        request context object.<br> *  `serviceDesk`\n        ([ServiceDesk](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#servicedesk)):\n        The current service desk. Available only when the service desk is\n        provided in the request context object.<br> *  `customerRequest`\n        ([CustomerRequest](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#customerrequest)):\n        The current customer request. Available only when the customer request\n        is provided in the request context object.<br><br>Also, custom context\n        variables can be passed in the request with their types. Those variables\n\
  \        can be accessed by key in the Jira expression. These variable types are\n        available for use in a custom context:<br><br> *  `user`: A\n        [user](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#user)\n        specified as an Atlassian account ID.<br> *  `issue`: An\n        [issue](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions-type-reference#issue)\n        specified by ID or key. All the fields of the issue object are available\n        in the Jira expression.<br> *  `json`: A JSON object containing custom\n        content.<br> *  `list`: A JSON list of `user`, `issue`, or `json`\n        variable types.<br><br>This operation can be accessed\n        anonymously.<br><br>**[Permissions](#permissions) required**: None.\n        However, an expression may return different results for different users\n        depending on their permissions. For example, different users may see\n        different comments on the\
  \ same issue.  <br>Permission to access Jira\n        Software is required to access Jira Software context variables (`board`\n        and `sprint`) or fields (for example, `issue.sprint`).\n      operationId: atlassianEvaluatejiraexpression\n      parameters:\n        - description: >-\n            Use [expand](#expansion) to include additional information in the\n            response. This parameter accepts `meta.complexity` that returns\n            information about the expression complexity. For example, the number\n            of expensive operations used by the expression and how close the\n            expression is to reaching the [complexity\n            limit](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/jira-expressions/#restrictions).\n            Useful when designing and debugging your expressions.\n          in: query\n          name: expand\n          schema:\n            type: string\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          application/json:\n          \
  \  example:\n              context:\n                board: 10100\n                custom:\n                  config:\n                    type: json\n                    value:\n                      userId: '10002'\n                  issuesList:\n                    - key: ACJIRA-1471\n                      type: issue\n                    - id: 100001\n                      type: issue\n                  myUser:\n                    accountId: '100001'\n                    type: user\n                  nullField:\n                    type: json\n                customerRequest: 1450\n                issue:\n                  key: ACJIRA-1470\n                issues:\n                  jql:\n                    maxResults: 100\n                    query: project = HSP\n                    startAt: 0\n                    validation: strict\n                project:\n                  key: ACJIRA\n                serviceDesk: 10023\n                sprint: 10001\n              expression:\
  \ >-\n                { key: issue.key, type: issue.issueType.name, links:\n                issue.links.map(link => link.linkedIssue.id),\n                listCustomVariable: issuesList.includes(issue), customVariables:\n                myUser.accountId == config.userId}\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/JiraExpressionEvalRequestBean'\n        description: The Jira expression and the evaluation context.\n        required: true\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              example: >-\n                {\"value\":\"The expression's result. This value can be any JSON,\n                not necessarily a\n                String\",\"meta\":{\"complexity\":{\"steps\":{\"value\":1,\"limit\":10000},\"expensiveOperations\":{\"value\":3,\"limit\":10},\"beans\":{\"value\":0,\"limit\":1000},\"primitiveValues\":{\"value\":1,\"limit\":10000}},\"issues\":{\"jql\":{\"startAt\":0,\"maxResults\":1000,\"count\":140,\"totalCount\"\
  :140,\"validationWarnings\":[\"There\n                is a problem with the JQL query.\"]}}}}\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/JiraExpressionResult'\n          description: >-\n            Returned if the evaluation results in a value. The result is a JSON\n            primitive value, list, or object.\n        '400':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              example: >-\n                {\"errorMessages\":[\"Evaluation failed: \\\"issue['a' + 'b']\\\" -\n                Unrecognized property of `issue`: \\\"ab\\\" ('a' + 'b'). Available\n                properties of type 'Issue' are: 'assignee', 'comments',\n                'description', 'id', 'issueType', 'key', 'priority', 'project',\n                'properties', 'reporter', 'status', 'summary'\"],\"errors\":{}}\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ErrorCollection'\n          description: |-\n            Returned if:\n\n             *  the request\
  \ is invalid, that is:\n                \n                 *  invalid data is provided, such as a request including issue ID and key.\n                 *  the expression is invalid and can not be parsed.\n             *  evaluation fails at runtime. This may happen for various reasons. For example, accessing a property on a null object (such as the expression `issue.id` where `issue` is `null`). In this case an error message is provided.\n        '401':\n          description: Returned if the authentication credentials are incorrect or missing.\n        '404':\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              example: >-\n                {\"errorMessages\":[\"Issue does not exist or you do not have\n                permission to see it.\"],\"errors\":{}}\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ErrorCollection'\n          description: >-\n            Returned if any object provided in the request context is not found\n            or the user does\
  \ not have permission to view it.\n      security:\n        - basicAuth: []\n        - OAuth2:\n            - read:jira-work\n            - read:jira-user\n        - {}\n      summary: Atlassian Evaluate Jira Expression\n      tags:\n        - Jira Expressions\n      x-atlassian-data-security-policy:\n        - app-access-rule-exempt: false\n      x-atlassian-oauth2-scopes:\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:jira-work\n            - read:jira-user\n          state: Current\n        - scheme: OAuth2\n          scopes:\n            - read:jira-expressions:jira\n          state: Beta\n      x-atlassian-connect-scope: READ\nservers:\n  - url: https://your-domain.atlassian.net\ntags:\n  - name: Jira Expressions\nx-atlassian-narrative:\n  documents:\n    - anchor: about\n      body: >-\n        The Jira REST API enables you to interact with Jira programmatically.\n        Use this API to \n\n        [build\n        apps](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/integrating-with-jira-cloud/),\n\
  \        script interactions with \n\n        Jira, or develop any other type of integration. This page documents the\n        REST resources available in Jira Cloud, including \n\n        the HTTP response codes and example requests and responses.\n      title: About\n    - anchor: version\n      body: >\n        This documentation is for **version 3** of the Jira Cloud platform REST\n        API, which is the latest version\n\n        but is in **beta**. [Version\n        2](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v2/) and \n\n        version 3 of the API offer the same collection of operations. However,\n        version 3 provides support for \n\n        the [Atlassian Document\n        Format](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/apis/document/structure/) \n\n        (ADF) in: \n\n        - `body` in comments, including where comments are used in issue, issue\n        link, and transition resources.\n\n        - `comment` in worklogs.\n\n        - `description`\
  \ and `environment` fields in issues.\n\n        - `textarea` type custom fields (multi-line text fields) in issues.\n        Single line custom fields \n          (`textfield`) accept a string and don't handle Atlassian Document Format content.\n\n        However, these new features are under development and may change.\n      title: Version\n    - anchor: authentication\n      body: >\n        ### Forge apps\n\n\n        For Forge apps, [REST API\n        scopes](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/scopes-for-oauth-2-3LO-and-forge-apps/) \n\n        are used when authenticating with Jira Cloud platform. See [Add scopes\n        to call an Atlassian REST\n        API](https://developer.atlassian.com/platform/forge/add-scopes-to-call-an-atlassian-rest-api/)\n        for more details.\n\n\n        The URIs for Forge app REST API calls have this structure:\n\n\n        `/rest/api/3/<resource-name>`\n\n\n        For example, `/rest/api/3/issue/DEMO-1`\n\n\n        ### Connect\
  \ apps\n\n\n        For Connect apps, authentication (JWT-based) is built into the Connect\n        libraries. Authorization is implemented using either \n\n        scopes (shown as _App scope required_ for operations on this page) or\n        user impersonation. See \n\n        [Security for Connect\n        apps](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/security-for-connect-apps/) \n\n        for details.\n\n\n        The URIs for Connect app REST API calls have this structure:\n\n\n        `https://<site-url>/rest/api/3/<resource-name>`\n\n\n        For example, `https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/issue/DEMO-1`\n\n\n        ### Other integrations\n\n\n        For integrations that are not Forge or Connect apps, use OAuth 2.0\n        authorization code grants (3LO) for security \n\n        (3LO scopes are shown as for operations _OAuth scopes required_). See \n\n        [OAuth 2.0 (3LO)\n        apps](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/oauth-2-3lo-apps/)\
  \ \n\n        for details.\n\n\n        The URIs for OAuth 2.0 (3LO) app REST API calls have this structure:\n\n\n        `https://api.atlassian.com/ex/jira/<cloudId>/rest/api/3/<resource-name>`\n\n\n        For example,\n        `https://api.atlassian.com/ex/jira/35273b54-3f06-40d2-880f-dd28cf8daafa/rest/api/3/issue/DEMO-1`\n\n\n        ### Ad-hoc API calls\n\n\n        For personal scripts, bots, and ad-hoc execution of the REST APIs use\n        basic authentication. See [Basic auth for REST\n        APIs](https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/basic-auth-for-rest-apis/)\n        for details. \n\n\n        The URIs for basic authentication REST API calls have this structure:\n\n\n        `https://<site-url>/rest/api/3/<resource-name>`\n\n\n        For example, `https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/issue/DEMO-1`\n      title: Authentication and authorization\n    - anchor: permissions\n      body: >\n        ### Operation permissions\n\n\n        Most operations\
  \ in this API require permissions. The calling user must\n        have the required permissions for an operation to \n\n        use it. Note that for Connect apps, the app user must have the required\n        permissions for the operation and the app must \n\n        have scopes that permit the operation.\n\n\n        A permission can be granted to a group, project role, or issue role that\n        the user is a member of, or granted directly to a user. \n\n        See [Permissions overview](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/FQiiLQ)\n        for details. The most common permissions are:\n\n\n        - **Administer the Cloud site**: Users in the _site-admins_ group have\n        this \n\n        permission. See [Manage\n        groups](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/24xjL) for details.\n\n        - **Administer Jira**: Granted by the _Jira Administrators_ global\n        permission. There is a default group for this permission. \n\n        See [Manage groups](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/24xjL)\
  \ and\n        [Managing global permissions](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/x4dKLg)\n        for details.\n\n        - **Administer a project in Jira**: Granted by the _Administer projects_\n        project permission for a project. This can be \n\n        granted to a user, a group, a project role, and more. \n\n        See [Managing project\n        permissions](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/yodKLg) for details.\n\n        - **Access a project in Jira**: Granted by the _Browse projects_ project\n        permission for a project. This can be \n\n        granted to a user, a group, a project role, and more. \n\n        See [Managing project\n        permissions](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/yodKLg) for details.\n\n        - **Access Jira**: Granted by the _Jira Users_ global permission. Users\n        in the default product access group (for example, \n\n        _jira-software-users-acmesite_) have this permission. \n\n        See [Manage groups](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/24xjL)\
  \ and \n\n        [Managing global permissions](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/x4dKLg)\n        for details.\n\n\n        ### Anonymous access\n\n\n        Some operations provide support for anonymous access. However, anonymous\n        access is only available if \n\n        the Jira permission needed to access the object or records returned by\n        the operation is granted to \n\n        the _Public_ group. See [Allowing anonymous access to your\n        project](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/GDxxLg) \n\n        for details.\n\n\n        If an operation is called anonymously and anonymous access is not\n        available, the operation will return \n\n        an error. Note that not all operations that correspond to objects that\n        can be given public access \n\n        provide for anonymous access.\n      title: Permissions\n    - anchor: expansion\n      body: >+\n        ### Expansion\n\n\n        The Jira REST API uses resource expansion, which means that some\
  \ parts\n        of a resource are not returned unless specified \n\n        in the request. This simplifies responses and minimizes network traffic.\n\n\n        To expand part of a resource in a request, use the expand query\n        parameter and specify the object(s) to be expanded. \n\n        If you need to expand nested objects, use the `.` dot notation. If you\n        need to expand multiple objects, use a \n\n        comma-separated list. \n\n\n        For example, the following request expands the `names` and\n        `renderedFields` properties for the _JRACLOUD-34423_ issue:\n\n\n        `GET issue/JRACLOUD-34423?expand=names,renderedFields`\n\n\n        To discover which object can be expanded, refer to the `expand` property\n        in the object. \n\n        In the JSON example below, the resource declares `widgets` as\n        expandable.\n\n\n        ```json\n\n        {\n          \"expand\": \"widgets\", \n          \"self\": \"https://your-domain.atlassian.net/rest/api/3/resource/KEY-1\"\
  , \n          \"widgets\": {\n            \"widgets\": [],\n            \"size\": 5\n           }\n        }\n\n        ```\n\n\n        ### Pagination\n\n\n        The Jira REST API uses pagination to improve performance. Pagination is\n        enforced for operations that could return a large \n\n        collection of items. When you make a request to a paginated resource,\n        the response wraps the returned array of values in \n\n        a JSON object with paging metadata. For example:\n\n\n        ```json\n\n        {\n            \"startAt\" : 0,\n            \"maxResults\" : 10,\n            \"total\": 200,\n            \"isLast\": false,\n            \"values\": [\n                { /* result 0 */ },\n                { /* result 1 */ },\n                { /* result 2 */ }\n            ]\n        }\n\n        ```\n\n\n        *   `startAt` is the index of the first item returned in the page.\n\n        *   `maxResults` is the maximum number of items that a page can return.\n\
  \        Each operation can have a different limit for\n            the number of items returned, and these limits may change without notice. To find the maximum number of items \n            that an operation could return, set `maxResults` to a large number—for example, over 1000—and if the returned value of `maxResults` is less than the requested value, the returned value is the maximum.\n        *    `total` is the total number of items contained in all pages. This\n        number **_may change_** as the client \n\n        requests the subsequent pages, therefore the client should always assume\n        that the requested page can be empty. Note \n\n        that this property is not returned for all operations.\n\n        *   `isLast` indicates whether the page returned is the last one. Note\n        that this property is not returned for all operations.\n\n\n        ### Ordering\n\n\n        Some operations support ordering the elements of a response by a field.\n        Check the\
  \ documentation for the operation to \n\n        confirm whether ordering of a response is supported and which fields can\n        be used. Responses are listed in ascending order \n\n        by default. You can change the order using the `orderby` query parameter\n        with a `-` or `+` symbol. For example:\n\n\n        *   `?orderBy=name` to order by `name` field ascending.\n\n        *   `?orderBy=+name` to order by `name` field ascending.\n\n        *   `?orderBy=-name` to order by `name` field descending.\n\n\n      title: Expansion, pagination, and ordering\n    - anchor: timestamps\n      body: >\n        By default, top-level timestamps (e.g. updated and created) are returned\n        in [ISO 8601](https://www.w3.org/TR/NOTE-datetime) format, in the system\n        default user time zone.\n\n\n        To return date time data in the logged in user's timezone, please refer\n        to `renderedFields` property under the `expand` query parameter in\n        relevant APIs.\n  \
  \    title: Timestamps\n    - anchor: special-request-headers\n      body: >-\n        The following request and response headers define important metadata for\n        the Jira Cloud REST API resources.\n\n\n        -   `X-Atlassian-Token` (request): Operations that accept\n        multipart/form-data must include the `X-Atlassian-Token: no-check`\n\n        header in requests. Otherwise the request is blocked by cross-site\n        request forgery (CSRF/XSRF) protection.\n\n        -   `X-Force-Accept-Language` (request): controls how the standard HTTP\n        `Accept-Language` header is processed.\n\n        By default `Accept-Language` is ignored and the response is in the\n        language configured in the user's profile or,\n\n        when no language is configured for the user, the default Jira instance\n        language. For the response to recognize\n\n        `Accept-Language` send `X-Force-Accept-Language = true` as well. If\n        `Accept-Language` requests a language that\
  \ Jira\n\n        can return the response is in that language, otherwise Jira returns the\n        response in the default language. If\n\n        `Accept-Language` is not specified the response is in the default\n        language.\n\n        -   `X-AAccountId` (response): This response header contains the\n        Atlassian account ID of the authenticated user.\n      title: Special headers\n    - anchor: anonymous-operations\n      body: |2-\n         Jira provides for all permissions, except the [global permission](https://confluence.atlassian.com/x/x4dKLg) Administer Jira, to be assigned to *Anyone*. Once a permission is assigned to *Anyone*, anyone knowing a project's URL is able to use the features in Jira enabled by the permission. However, the Jira REST API does not enable anonymous access for operations by default. This means that an anonymous user who may be able to perform an action through Jira, may not be able to perform the same action where it's enabled by the REST API.\
  \ \n\n         The operations that provide anonymous access are annotated \"This operation can be accessed anonymously.\"\n      title: Anonymous operations\n    - anchor: async-operations\n      body: >-\n        Some Jira REST API operations may trigger long-running or\n        computationally expensive tasks. In these cases, the operation \n\n        will schedule an asynchronous task and return a `303 (See Other)`\n        response, indicating the location of the queued task \n\n        in the `Location` header. You can query this task to get progress\n        updates.\n\n\n        When the task finishes, the response object will contain the `result`\n        field. The content of the field is specific to the \n\n        operation that created the task. Refer to the operation’s documentation\n        for more information.\n\n\n        Note that asynchronous tasks are not guaranteed to be run in order. In\n        other words, if you need your tasks to execute \n\n        in a certain\
  \ order, you should start a task only after the prerequisite\n        task(s) have finished.\n      title: Asynchronous operations\n    - anchor: experimental\n      body: >\n        Features and methods marked as experimental may change without notice.\n        Feedback on experimental functionality is welcome. \n\n        Report your suggestions and bugs in the [ACJIRA\n        project](https://ecosystem.atlassian.net/projects/ACJIRA) (preferred) or\n        use the \n\n        **Give docs feedback** link at the top of this page. \n      title: Experimental features\n    - anchor: status-codes\n      body: >-\n        The Jira Cloud platform REST API uses the [standard HTTP status\n        codes](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html).\n\n\n        Operations that return an error status code may also return a response\n        body containing details of the error or errors. \n\n        The schema for the response body is shown below:\n\n\n\n        ```json\n\n     \
  \   {\n          \"id\": \"https://docs.atlassian.com/jira/REST/schema/error-collection#\",\n          \"title\": \"Error Collection\",\n          \"type\": \"object\",\n          \"properties\": {\n            \"errorMessages\": {\n              \"type\": \"array\",\n              \"items\": {\n                \"type\": \"string\"\n              }\n            },\n            \"errors\": {\n              \"type\": \"object\",\n              \"patternProperties\": {\n                \".+\": {\n                  \"type\": \"string\"\n                }\n              },\n              \"additionalProperties\": false\n            },\n            \"status\": { \n              \"type\": \"integer\"\n            }\n          },\n          \"additionalProperties\": false\n        }\n\n        ```\n      title: Status codes\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/atlassian/refs/heads/main/openapi/atlassian-rest-api-3-expression--openapi-original.yml
tags:
- Expressions
- Jira
---
