---
aid: amazon-mq:mq-api
baseURL: http://mq.{region}.amazonaws.com
description: Amazon MQ is a managed message broker service for Apache ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ that makes it easy to set up and operate message brokers in the cloud, enabling you to migrate to a message broker without writing the code that typically enables interoperability with existing applications.
humanURL: https://aws.amazon.com/mq/
image: ''
layout: api
name: Amazon MQ API
properties:
- type: Documentation
  url: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mq/
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-mq/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-mq-openapi-original.yml
- type: GettingStarted
  url: https://aws.amazon.com/mq/getting-started/
- type: Pricing
  url: https://aws.amazon.com/mq/pricing/
- type: FAQ
  url: https://aws.amazon.com/mq/faqs/
provider_name: Amazon MQ
provider_slug: amazon-mq
slug: mq-api
source_filename: amazon-mq-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "openapi: 3.0.0\ninfo:\n  version: 2017-11-27\n  x-release: v4\n  title: AmazonMQ\n  description: Amazon MQ is a managed message broker service for Apache ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ that makes it easy to set up and operate message brokers in the cloud. A message broker allows software \n    applications and components to communicate using various programming languages, operating systems, and formal messaging protocols.\n  x-logo:\n    url: https://api.apis.guru/v2/cache/logo/https_twitter.com_awscloud_profile_image.png\n    backgroundColor: \"#FFFFFF\"\n  termsOfService: https://aws.amazon.com/service-terms/\n  contact:\n    name: Mike Ralphson\n    email: mike.ralphson@gmail.com\n    url: https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi\n    x-twitter: PermittedSoc\n  license:\n    name: Apache 2.0 License\n    url: http://www.apache.org/licenses/\n  x-providerName: amazonaws.com\n  x-serviceName: mq\n  x-aws-signingName: mq\n  x-origin:\n  - contentType: application/json\n    url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/master/apis/mq-2017-11-27.normal.json\n\
  \    converter:\n      url: https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi\n      version: 1.0.0\n    x-apisguru-driver: external\n  x-apiClientRegistration:\n    url: https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html?nc2=h_ct\n  x-apisguru-categories:\n  - cloud\n  x-preferred: true\nexternalDocs:\n  description: Amazon Web Services documentation\n  url: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mq/\nservers:\n- url: http://mq.{region}.amazonaws.com\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - us-east-1\n      - us-east-2\n      - us-west-1\n      - us-west-2\n      - us-gov-west-1\n      - us-gov-east-1\n      - ca-central-1\n      - eu-north-1\n      - eu-west-1\n      - eu-west-2\n      - eu-west-3\n      - eu-central-1\n      - eu-south-1\n      - af-south-1\n      - ap-northeast-1\n      - ap-northeast-2\n      - ap-northeast-3\n      - ap-southeast-1\n      - ap-southeast-2\n      - ap-east-1\n      - ap-south-1\n      - sa-east-1\n      - me-south-1\n\
  \      default: us-east-1\n  description: The AmazonMQ multi-region endpoint\n- url: https://mq.{region}.amazonaws.com\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - us-east-1\n      - us-east-2\n      - us-west-1\n      - us-west-2\n      - us-gov-west-1\n      - us-gov-east-1\n      - ca-central-1\n      - eu-north-1\n      - eu-west-1\n      - eu-west-2\n      - eu-west-3\n      - eu-central-1\n      - eu-south-1\n      - af-south-1\n      - ap-northeast-1\n      - ap-northeast-2\n      - ap-northeast-3\n      - ap-southeast-1\n      - ap-southeast-2\n      - ap-east-1\n      - ap-south-1\n      - sa-east-1\n      - me-south-1\n      default: us-east-1\n  description: The AmazonMQ multi-region endpoint\n- url: http://mq.{region}.amazonaws.com.cn\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - cn-north-1\n      - cn-northwest-1\n      default: cn-north-1\n  description: The AmazonMQ endpoint for China (Beijing)\
  \ and China (Ningxia)\n- url: https://mq.{region}.amazonaws.com.cn\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - cn-north-1\n      - cn-northwest-1\n      default: cn-north-1\n  description: The AmazonMQ endpoint for China (Beijing) and China (Ningxia)\nx-hasEquivalentPaths: true\npaths:\n  /v1/brokers:\n    post:\n      operationId: CreateBroker\n      description: '<p>Creates a broker. Note: This API is asynchronous.</p> <p>To create a broker, you must either use the AmazonMQFullAccess IAM policy or include the following EC2 permissions in your\n        IAM policy.</p> <ul><li><p>ec2:CreateNetworkInterface</p> <p>This permission is required to allow Amazon MQ to create an elastic network interface (ENI) on behalf of your account.</p></li> <li><p>ec2:CreateNetworkInterfacePermission</p>\n        <p>This permission is required to attach the ENI to the broker instance.</p></li> <li><p>ec2:DeleteNetworkInterface</p></li> <li><p>ec2:DeleteNetworkInterfacePermission</p></li>\
  \ <li><p>ec2:DetachNetworkInterface</p></li>\n        <li><p>ec2:DescribeInternetGateways</p></li> <li><p>ec2:DescribeNetworkInterfaces</p></li> <li><p>ec2:DescribeNetworkInterfacePermissions</p></li> <li><p>ec2:DescribeRouteTables</p></li> <li><p>ec2:DescribeSecurityGroups</p></li>\n        <li><p>ec2:DescribeSubnets</p></li> <li><p>ec2:DescribeVpcs</p></li></ul> <p>For more information, see <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com//amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/amazon-mq-setting-up.html#create-iam-user\">Create\n        an IAM User and Get Your AWS Credentials</a> and <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/connecting-to-amazon-mq.html#never-modify-delete-elastic-network-interface\">Never\n        Modify or Delete the Amazon MQ Elastic Network Interface</a> in the <i>Amazon MQ Developer Guide</i>.</p>'\n      responses:\n        \"200\":\n          description: Success\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n         \
  \       $ref: \"#/components/schemas/CreateBrokerResponse\"\n              examples:\n                CreateBroker200Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateBroker 200 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\n                    BrokerArn: arn:aws:service:us-east-1:123456789012:resource/example\n                    BrokerId: id-abc123\n        \"480\":\n          description: BadRequestException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/BadRequestException\"\n              examples:\n                CreateBroker480Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateBroker 480 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"481\":\n          description: UnauthorizedException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/UnauthorizedException\"\n\
  \              examples:\n                CreateBroker481Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateBroker 481 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"482\":\n          description: InternalServerErrorException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/InternalServerErrorException\"\n              examples:\n                CreateBroker482Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateBroker 482 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"483\":\n          description: ConflictException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ConflictException\"\n              examples:\n                CreateBroker483Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateBroker 483 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n  \
  \                value: {}\n        \"484\":\n          description: ForbiddenException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ForbiddenException\"\n              examples:\n                CreateBroker484Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateBroker 484 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n      parameters: []\n      requestBody:\n        required: true\n        content:\n          application/json:\n            schema:\n              type: object\n              required:\n              - autoMinorVersionUpgrade\n              - brokerName\n              - deploymentMode\n              - engineType\n              - engineVersion\n              - hostInstanceType\n              - publiclyAccessible\n              - users\n              properties:\n                authenticationStrategy:\n                  description: Optional. The authentication strategy\
  \ used to secure the broker. The default is SIMPLE.\n                  type: string\n                  enum:\n                  - SIMPLE\n                  - LDAP\n                autoMinorVersionUpgrade:\n                  description: Enables automatic upgrades to new minor versions for brokers, as new versions are released and supported by Amazon MQ. Automatic upgrades occur during the scheduled \n                    maintenance window of the broker or after a manual broker reboot. Set to true by default, if no value is specified.\n                  type: boolean\n                brokerName:\n                  description: Required. The broker's name. This value must be unique in your AWS account, 1-50 characters long, must contain only letters, numbers, dashes, and underscores, and must \n                    not contain white spaces, brackets, wildcard characters, or special characters.\n                  type: string\n                configuration:\n                  description:\
  \ <p>A list of information about the configuration.</p> <important><p>Does not apply to RabbitMQ brokers.</p></important>\n                  type: object\n                  properties:\n                    Id:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: id\n                        description: Required. The unique ID that Amazon MQ generates for the configuration.\n                    Revision:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__integer\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: revision\n                        description: The revision number of the configuration.\n                creatorRequestId:\n                  description: \"The unique ID that the requester receives for the created broker. Amazon MQ passes your ID with the API action. Note: We recommend using a Universally Unique Identifier (UUID)\n\
  \                    for the creatorRequestId. You may omit the creatorRequestId if your application doesn't require idempotency.\"\n                  type: string\n                deploymentMode:\n                  description: The broker's deployment mode.\n                  type: string\n                  enum:\n                  - SINGLE_INSTANCE\n                  - ACTIVE_STANDBY_MULTI_AZ\n                  - CLUSTER_MULTI_AZ\n                encryptionOptions:\n                  description: <important><p>Does not apply to RabbitMQ brokers.</p></important> <p>Encryption options for the broker.</p>\n                  type: object\n                  properties:\n                    KmsKeyId:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: kmsKeyId\n                        description: The customer master key (CMK) to use for the AWS Key Management Service (KMS). This key is\
  \ used to encrypt your data at rest. If not provided, Amazon MQ will use a\n                          default CMK to encrypt your data.\n                    UseAwsOwnedKey:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__boolean\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: useAwsOwnedKey\n                        description: Enables the use of an AWS owned CMK using AWS Key Management Service (KMS). Set to true by default, if no value is provided, for example, for RabbitMQ brokers.\n                engineType:\n                  description: The type of broker engine. Amazon MQ supports ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ.\n                  type: string\n                  enum:\n                  - ACTIVEMQ\n                  - RABBITMQ\n                engineVersion:\n                  description: Required. The broker engine's version. For a list of supported engine versions, see <a \n                    href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com//amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/broker-engine.html\"\
  >Supported engines</a>.\n                  type: string\n                hostInstanceType:\n                  description: Required. The broker's instance type.\n                  type: string\n                ldapServerMetadata:\n                  description: <p>Optional. The metadata of the LDAP server used to authenticate and authorize connections to the broker.</p> <important><p>Does not apply to RabbitMQ \n                    brokers.</p></important>\n                  type: object\n                  properties:\n                    Hosts:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__listOf__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: hosts\n                        description: Specifies the location of the LDAP server such as AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory . Optional failover server.\n                    RoleBase:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\
  \n                      - xml:\n                          name: roleBase\n                        description: |-\n                          The distinguished name of the node in the directory information tree (DIT) to search for roles or groups. For example, ou=group, ou=corp, dc=corp,\n                                            dc=example, dc=com.\n                    RoleName:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: roleName\n                        description: Specifies the LDAP attribute that identifies the group name attribute in the object returned from the group membership query.\n                    RoleSearchMatching:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: roleSearchMatching\n                        description: The LDAP search filter used to\
  \ find roles within the roleBase. The distinguished name of the user matched by userSearchMatching is substituted into the {0} \n                          placeholder in the search filter. The client's username is substituted into the {1} placeholder. For example, if you set this option to (member=uid={1})for the user janedoe, \n                          the search filter becomes (member=uid=janedoe) after string substitution. It matches all role entries that have a member attribute equal to uid=janedoe under the subtree \n                          selected by the roleBase.\n                    RoleSearchSubtree:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__boolean\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: roleSearchSubtree\n                        description: The directory search scope for the role. If set to true, scope is to search the entire subtree.\n                    ServiceAccountPassword:\n                     \
  \ allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: serviceAccountPassword\n                        description: |-\n                          Service account password. A service account is an account in your LDAP server that has access to initiate a connection. For example, cn=admin,dc=corp, dc=example,\n                                            dc=com.\n                    ServiceAccountUsername:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: serviceAccountUsername\n                        description: |-\n                          Service account username. A service account is an account in your LDAP server that has access to initiate a connection. For example, cn=admin,dc=corp, dc=example,\n                                            dc=com.\n                    UserBase:\n             \
  \         allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: userBase\n                        description: |-\n                          Select a particular subtree of the directory information tree (DIT) to search for user entries. The subtree is specified by a DN, which specifies the base node of the subtree. For example, by setting this option to ou=Users,ou=corp, dc=corp,\n                                            dc=example, dc=com, the search for user entries is restricted to the subtree beneath ou=Users, ou=corp, dc=corp, dc=example, dc=com.\n                    UserRoleName:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: userRoleName\n                        description: Specifies the name of the LDAP attribute for the user group membership.\n                    UserSearchMatching:\n\
  \                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: userSearchMatching\n                        description: |-\n                          The LDAP search filter used to find users within the userBase. The client's username is substituted into the {0} placeholder in the search filter. For example, if this option is set to (uid={0}) and the received username is janedoe, the search filter becomes (uid=janedoe) after string substitution. It will result in matching an entry like uid=janedoe, ou=Users,ou=corp, dc=corp, dc=example,\n                                            dc=com.\n                    UserSearchSubtree:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__boolean\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: userSearchSubtree\n                        description: The directory search scope for the user. If set to true,\
  \ scope is to search the entire subtree.\n                logs:\n                  description: The list of information about logs to be enabled for the specified broker.\n                  type: object\n                  properties:\n                    Audit:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__boolean\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: audit\n                        description: Enables audit logging. Every user management action made using JMX or the ActiveMQ Web Console is logged. Does not apply to RabbitMQ brokers.\n                    General:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__boolean\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: general\n                        description: Enables general logging.\n                maintenanceWindowStartTime:\n                  description: The scheduled time period relative to UTC during which Amazon\
  \ MQ begins to apply pending updates or patches to the broker.\n                  type: object\n                  properties:\n                    DayOfWeek:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/DayOfWeek\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: dayOfWeek\n                        description: Required. The day of the week.\n                    TimeOfDay:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: timeOfDay\n                        description: Required. The time, in 24-hour format.\n                    TimeZone:\n                      allOf:\n                      - $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                      - xml:\n                          name: timeZone\n                        description: The time zone, UTC by default, in either the Country/City format, or the UTC offset format.\n\
  \                publiclyAccessible:\n                  description: Enables connections from applications outside of the VPC that hosts the broker's subnets. Set to false by default, if no value is provided.\n                  type: boolean\n                securityGroups:\n                  description: The list of rules (1 minimum, 125 maximum) that authorize connections to brokers.\n                  type: array\n                  items:\n                    $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                storageType:\n                  description: <p>The broker's storage type.</p> <important><p>EFS is not supported for RabbitMQ engine type.</p></important>\n                  type: string\n                  enum:\n                  - EBS\n                  - EFS\n                subnetIds:\n                  description: <p>The list of groups that define which subnets and IP ranges the broker can use from different Availability Zones. If you specify more than one subnet,\
  \ the subnets must\n                    be in different Availability Zones. Amazon MQ will not be able to create VPC endpoints for your broker with multiple subnets in the same Availability Zone. A SINGLE_INSTANCE \n                    deployment requires one subnet (for example, the default subnet). An ACTIVE_STANDBY_MULTI_AZ Amazon MQ for ActiveMQ deployment requires two subnets. A CLUSTER_MULTI_AZ Amazon MQ \n                    for RabbitMQ deployment has no subnet requirements when deployed with public accessibility. Deployment without public accessibility requires at least one subnet.</p> \n                    <important><p>If you specify subnets in a <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-sharing.html\">shared VPC</a> for a RabbitMQ broker, the associated VPC to \n                    which the specified subnets belong must be owned by your AWS account. Amazon MQ will not be able to create VPC endpoints in VPCs that are not owned by your AWS \n           \
  \         account.</p></important>\n                  type: array\n                  items:\n                    $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                tags:\n                  description: Create tags when creating the broker.\n                  type: object\n                  additionalProperties:\n                    $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n                users:\n                  description: <p>Required. The list of broker users (persons or applications) who can access queues and topics. This value can contain only alphanumeric characters, dashes, periods, \n                    underscores, and tildes (- . _ ~). This value must be 2-100 characters long.</p> <important><title>Amazon MQ for RabbitMQ</title> <p>When you create an Amazon MQ for RabbitMQ \n                    broker, one and only one administrative user is accepted and created when a broker is first provisioned. All subsequent broker users are created by making RabbitMQ API calls \n\
  \                    directly to brokers or via the RabbitMQ web console.</p></important>\n                  type: array\n                  items:\n                    $ref: \"#/components/schemas/User\"\n      summary: Amazon MQ Create Broker\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Content-Sha256\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Date\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Algorithm\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Credential\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Security-Token\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Signature\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-SignedHeaders\"\n    get:\n      operationId: ListBrokers\n      description: Returns a list of all brokers.\n      responses:\n        \"200\":\n          description: Success\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref:\
  \ \"#/components/schemas/ListBrokersResponse\"\n              examples:\n                ListBrokers200Example:\n                  summary: Default ListBrokers 200 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\n                    BrokerSummaries: example-value\n                    NextToken: example-value\n        \"480\":\n          description: BadRequestException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/BadRequestException\"\n              examples:\n                ListBrokers480Example:\n                  summary: Default ListBrokers 480 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"481\":\n          description: InternalServerErrorException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/InternalServerErrorException\"\n              examples:\n       \
  \         ListBrokers481Example:\n                  summary: Default ListBrokers 481 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"482\":\n          description: ForbiddenException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ForbiddenException\"\n              examples:\n                ListBrokers482Example:\n                  summary: Default ListBrokers 482 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n      parameters:\n      - name: maxResults\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: The maximum number of brokers that Amazon MQ can return per page (20 by default). This value must be an integer from 5 to 100.\n        schema:\n          type: integer\n          minimum: 1\n          maximum: 100\n      - name: nextToken\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: The token that\
  \ specifies the next page of results Amazon MQ should return. To request the first page, leave nextToken empty.\n        schema:\n          type: string\n      - name: MaxResults\n        in: query\n        schema:\n          type: string\n        description: Pagination limit\n        required: false\n      - name: NextToken\n        in: query\n        schema:\n          type: string\n        description: Pagination token\n        required: false\n      summary: Amazon MQ List Brokers\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /v1/configurations:\n    post:\n      operationId: CreateConfiguration\n      description: Creates a new configuration for the specified configuration name. Amazon MQ uses the default configuration (the engine type and version).\n      responses:\n        \"200\":\n          description: Success\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/CreateConfigurationResponse\"\
  \n              examples:\n                CreateConfiguration200Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateConfiguration 200 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\n                    Arn: arn:aws:service:us-east-1:123456789012:resource/example\n                    AuthenticationStrategy: example-value\n                    Created: example-value\n                    Id: id-abc123\n                    LatestRevision: example-value\n        \"480\":\n          description: BadRequestException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/BadRequestException\"\n              examples:\n                CreateConfiguration480Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateConfiguration 480 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"481\":\n          description: InternalServerErrorException\n          content:\n    \
  \        application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/InternalServerErrorException\"\n              examples:\n                CreateConfiguration481Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateConfiguration 481 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"482\":\n          description: ConflictException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ConflictException\"\n              examples:\n                CreateConfiguration482Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateConfiguration 482 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"483\":\n          description: ForbiddenException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ForbiddenException\"\n              examples:\n              \
  \  CreateConfiguration483Example:\n                  summary: Default CreateConfiguration 483 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n      parameters: []\n      requestBody:\n        required: true\n        content:\n          application/json:\n            schema:\n              type: object\n              required:\n              - engineType\n              - engineVersion\n              - name\n              properties:\n                authenticationStrategy:\n                  description: Optional. The authentication strategy used to secure the broker. The default is SIMPLE.\n                  type: string\n                  enum:\n                  - SIMPLE\n                  - LDAP\n                engineType:\n                  description: The type of broker engine. Amazon MQ supports ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ.\n                  type: string\n                  enum:\n                  - ACTIVEMQ\n                  - RABBITMQ\n        \
  \        engineVersion:\n                  description: Required. The broker engine's version. For a list of supported engine versions, see <a \n                    href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com//amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/broker-engine.html\">Supported engines</a>.\n                  type: string\n                name:\n                  description: Required. The name of the configuration. This value can contain only alphanumeric characters, dashes, periods, underscores, and tildes (- . _ ~). This value must be \n                    1-150 characters long.\n                  type: string\n                tags:\n                  description: Create tags when creating the configuration.\n                  type: object\n                  additionalProperties:\n                    $ref: \"#/components/schemas/__string\"\n      summary: Amazon MQ Create Configuration\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Content-Sha256\"\
  \n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Date\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Algorithm\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Credential\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Security-Token\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Signature\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/X-Amz-SignedHeaders\"\n    get:\n      operationId: ListConfigurations\n      description: Returns a list of all configurations.\n      responses:\n        \"200\":\n          description: Success\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ListConfigurationsResponse\"\n              examples:\n                ListConfigurations200Example:\n                  summary: Default ListConfigurations 200 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\n                    Configurations: example-value\n                    MaxResults: example-value\n                  \
  \  NextToken: example-value\n        \"480\":\n          description: BadRequestException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/BadRequestException\"\n              examples:\n                ListConfigurations480Example:\n                  summary: Default ListConfigurations 480 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"481\":\n          description: InternalServerErrorException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/InternalServerErrorException\"\n              examples:\n                ListConfigurations481Example:\n                  summary: Default ListConfigurations 481 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n        \"482\":\n          description: ForbiddenException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n      \
  \        schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ForbiddenException\"\n              examples:\n                ListConfigurations482Example:\n                  summary: Default ListConfigurations 482 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: {}\n      parameters:\n      - name: maxResults\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: The maximum num\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (175 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-mq/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-mq-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-mq/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-mq-openapi-original.yml
tags:
- Broadcasting
- Media Processing
- Media
---
