---
aid: google-analytics:google-analytics-reporting-api-v4
baseURL: https://analyticsreporting.googleapis.com
description: The Analytics Reporting API v4 provides programmatic access to Universal Analytics report data. Universal Analytics was sunset on July 1, 2023 and users should migrate to GA4.
humanURL: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v4
image: https://www.google.com/analytics/images/google-analytics-logo.png
layout: api
name: Google Analytics Reporting API v4 (Universal Analytics)
properties:
- type: Documentation
  url: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v4
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/google-analytics/refs/heads/main/openapi/google-analytics-reporting-api-v4.yaml
- type: GettingStarted
  url: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/migration/api/reporting-ua-to-ga4
provider_name: Google Analytics
provider_slug: google-analytics
slug: google-analytics-reporting-api-v4
source_filename: google-analytics-reporting-api-v4.yaml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "openapi: 3.0.0\nservers:\n- url: https://analyticsreporting.googleapis.com/\ninfo:\n  contact:\n    name: Google\n    url: https://google.com\n    x-twitter: youtube\n  description: Accesses Analytics report data.\n  license:\n    name: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0\n    url: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/\n  termsOfService: https://developers.google.com/terms/\n  title: Analytics Reporting API\n  version: v4\n  x-apiClientRegistration:\n    url: https://console.developers.google.com\n  x-apisguru-categories:\n  - analytics\n  - media\n  x-logo:\n    url: https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/2x/googlelogo_color_272x92dp.png\n  x-origin:\n  - converter:\n      url: https://github.com/mermade/oas-kit\n      version: 7.0.4\n    format: google\n    url: https://analyticsreporting.googleapis.com/$discovery/rest?version=v4\n    version: v1\n  x-providerName: googleapis.com\n  x-serviceName: analyticsreporting\nexternalDocs:\n  url: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v4/\n\
  tags:\n- name: reports\n- name: userActivity\npaths:\n  /v4/reports:batchGet:\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/_.xgafv\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/access_token\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/alt\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/callback\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/fields\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/key\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/oauth_token\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/prettyPrint\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/quotaUser\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/upload_protocol\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/uploadType\"\n    post:\n      description: Returns the Analytics data.\n      operationId: analyticsreporting.reports.batchGet\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          application/json:\n            schema:\n              $ref: \"#/components/schemas/GetReportsRequest\"\n      responses:\n        \"200\":\n          content:\n            application/json:\n\
  \              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/GetReportsResponse\"\n          description: Successful response\n      security:\n      - Oauth2:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics\n        Oauth2c:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics\n      - Oauth2:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics.readonly\n        Oauth2c:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics.readonly\n      tags:\n      - reports\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /v4/userActivity:search:\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/_.xgafv\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/access_token\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/alt\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/callback\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/fields\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/key\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/oauth_token\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/prettyPrint\"\n\
  \    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/quotaUser\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/upload_protocol\"\n    - $ref: \"#/components/parameters/uploadType\"\n    post:\n      description: Returns User Activity data.\n      operationId: analyticsreporting.userActivity.search\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          application/json:\n            schema:\n              $ref: \"#/components/schemas/SearchUserActivityRequest\"\n      responses:\n        \"200\":\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: \"#/components/schemas/SearchUserActivityResponse\"\n          description: Successful response\n      security:\n      - Oauth2:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics\n        Oauth2c:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics\n      - Oauth2:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics.readonly\n        Oauth2c:\n        - https://www.googleapis.com/auth/analytics.readonly\n      tags:\n \
  \     - userActivity\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\ncomponents:\n  parameters:\n    _.xgafv:\n      description: V1 error format.\n      in: query\n      name: $.xgafv\n      schema:\n        enum:\n        - \"1\"\n        - \"2\"\n        type: string\n    access_token:\n      description: OAuth access token.\n      in: query\n      name: access_token\n      schema:\n        type: string\n    alt:\n      description: Data format for response.\n      in: query\n      name: alt\n      schema:\n        enum:\n        - json\n        - media\n        - proto\n        type: string\n    callback:\n      description: JSONP\n      in: query\n      name: callback\n      schema:\n        type: string\n    fields:\n      description: Selector specifying which fields to include in a partial response.\n      in: query\n      name: fields\n      schema:\n        type: string\n    key:\n      description: API key. Your API key identifies your project and\
  \ provides you with API access, quota, and reports. Required unless you provide an OAuth 2.0 token.\n      in: query\n      name: key\n      schema:\n        type: string\n    oauth_token:\n      description: OAuth 2.0 token for the current user.\n      in: query\n      name: oauth_token\n      schema:\n        type: string\n    prettyPrint:\n      description: Returns response with indentations and line breaks.\n      in: query\n      name: prettyPrint\n      schema:\n        type: boolean\n    quotaUser:\n      description: Available to use for quota purposes for server-side applications. Can be any arbitrary string assigned to a user, but should not exceed 40 characters.\n      in: query\n      name: quotaUser\n      schema:\n        type: string\n    uploadType:\n      description: Legacy upload protocol for media (e.g. \"media\", \"multipart\").\n      in: query\n      name: uploadType\n      schema:\n        type: string\n    upload_protocol:\n      description: Upload protocol for\
  \ media (e.g. \"raw\", \"multipart\").\n      in: query\n      name: upload_protocol\n      schema:\n        type: string\n  schemas:\n    Activity:\n      description: An Activity represents data for an activity of a user. Note that an Activity is different from a hit. A hit might result in multiple Activity's. For example, if a hit includes a \n        transaction and a goal completion, there will be two Activity protos for this hit, one for ECOMMERCE and one for GOAL. Conversely, multiple hits can also construct one Activity. In classic \n        e-commerce, data for one transaction might be sent through multiple hits. These hits will be merged into one ECOMMERCE Activity.\n      properties:\n        activityTime:\n          description: Timestamp of the activity. If activities for a visit cross midnight and occur in two separate dates, then two sessions (one per date) share the session identifier. For example, \n            say session ID 113472 has activity within 2019-08-20, and\
  \ session ID 243742 has activity within 2019-08-25 and 2019-08-26. Session ID 113472 is one session, and session ID 243742 is two \n            sessions.\n          format: google-datetime\n          type: string\n          example: '2026-04-17T12:00:00Z'\n        activityType:\n          description: Type of this activity.\n          enum:\n          - ACTIVITY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n          - PAGEVIEW\n          - SCREENVIEW\n          - GOAL\n          - ECOMMERCE\n          - EVENT\n          type: string\n          example: ACTIVITY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n        appview:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ScreenviewData\"\n          description: This will be set if `activity_type` equals `SCREEN_VIEW`.\n        campaign:\n          description: For manual campaign tracking, it is the value of the utm_campaign campaign tracking parameter. For AdWords autotagging, it is the name(s) of the online ad campaign(s) you use \n            for the property. If you use neither, its value is (not\
  \ set).\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        channelGrouping:\n          description: The Channel Group associated with an end user's session for this View (defined by the View's Channel Groupings).\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        customDimension:\n          description: A list of all custom dimensions associated with this activity.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/CustomDimension\"\n          type: array\n        ecommerce:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/EcommerceData\"\n          description: This will be set if `activity_type` equals `ECOMMERCE`.\n        event:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/EventData\"\n          description: This field contains all the details pertaining to an event and will be set if `activity_type` equals `EVENT`.\n        goals:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/GoalSetData\"\n          description: This field contains a list of all the goals that\
  \ were reached in this activity when `activity_type` equals `GOAL`.\n        hostname:\n          description: The hostname from which the tracking request was made.\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        keyword:\n          description: For manual campaign tracking, it is the value of the utm_term campaign tracking parameter. For AdWords traffic, it contains the best matching targeting criteria. For the display\n            network, where multiple targeting criteria could have caused the ad to show up, it returns the best matching targeting criteria as selected by Ads. This could be display_keyword, site \n            placement, boomuserlist, user_interest, age, or gender. Otherwise its value is (not set).\n          type: string\n          example: secret_abc123\n        landingPagePath:\n          description: The first page in users' sessions, or the landing page.\n          type: string\n          example: /example/path\n        medium:\n          description:\
  \ The type of referrals. For manual campaign tracking, it is the value of the utm_medium campaign tracking parameter. For AdWords autotagging, it is cpc. If users came from a \n            search engine detected by Google Analytics, it is organic. If the referrer is not a search engine, it is referral. If users came directly to the property and document.referrer is empty, \n            its value is (none).\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        pageview:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/PageviewData\"\n          description: This will be set if `activity_type` equals `PAGEVIEW`. This field contains all the details about the visitor and the page that was visited.\n        source:\n          description: The source of referrals. For manual campaign tracking, it is the value of the utm_source campaign tracking parameter. For AdWords autotagging, it is google. If you use neither, \n            it is the domain of the source (e.g., document.referrer) referring\
  \ the users. It may also contain a port address. If users arrived without a referrer, its value is (direct).\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n      type: object\n    Cohort:\n      description: Defines a cohort. A cohort is a group of users who share a common characteristic. For example, all users with the same acquisition date belong to the same cohort.\n      properties:\n        dateRange:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/DateRange\"\n          description: This is used for `FIRST_VISIT_DATE` cohort, the cohort selects users whose first visit date is between start date and end date defined in the DateRange. The date ranges should \n            be aligned for cohort requests. If the request contains `ga:cohortNthDay` it should be exactly one day long, if `ga:cohortNthWeek` it should be aligned to the week boundary (starting at \n            Sunday and ending Saturday), and for `ga:cohortNthMonth` the date range should be aligned to the month (starting\
  \ at the first and ending on the last day of the month). For LTV requests \n            there are no such restrictions. You do not need to supply a date range for the `reportsRequest.dateRanges` field.\n        name:\n          description: A unique name for the cohort. If not defined name will be auto-generated with values cohort_[1234...].\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        type:\n          description: Type of the cohort. The only supported type as of now is `FIRST_VISIT_DATE`. If this field is unspecified the cohort is treated as `FIRST_VISIT_DATE` type cohort.\n          enum:\n          - UNSPECIFIED_COHORT_TYPE\n          - FIRST_VISIT_DATE\n          type: string\n          example: UNSPECIFIED_COHORT_TYPE\n      type: object\n    CohortGroup:\n      description: 'Defines a cohort group. For example: \"cohortGroup\": { \"cohorts\": [{ \"name\": \"cohort 1\", \"type\": \"FIRST_VISIT_DATE\", \"dateRange\": { \"startDate\": \"2015-08-01\", \"endDate\"\
  : \"2015-08-01\"\n        } },{ \"name\": \"cohort 2\" \"type\": \"FIRST_VISIT_DATE\" \"dateRange\": { \"startDate\": \"2015-07-01\", \"endDate\": \"2015-07-01\" } }] }'\n      properties:\n        cohorts:\n          description: The definition for the cohort.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/Cohort\"\n          type: array\n        lifetimeValue:\n          description: \"Enable Life Time Value (LTV). LTV measures lifetime value for users acquired through different channels. Please see: [Cohort Analysis](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6074676)\n            and [Lifetime Value](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6182550) If the value of lifetimeValue is false: - The metric values are similar to the values in the web interface cohort report.\n            - The cohort definition date ranges must be aligned to the calendar week and month. i.e. while requesting `ga:cohortNthWeek` the `startDate` in the cohort definition should be a Sunday and\
  \ the\n            `endDate` should be the following Saturday, and for `ga:cohortNthMonth`, the `startDate` should be the 1st of the month and `endDate` should be the last day of the month. When the lifetimeValue\n            is true: - The metric values will correspond to the values in the web interface LifeTime value report. - The Lifetime Value report shows you how user value (Revenue) and engagement (Appviews,\n            Goal Completions, Sessions, and Session Duration) grow during the 90 days after a user is acquired. - The metrics are calculated as a cumulative average per user per the time increment. - The\n            cohort definition date ranges need not be aligned to the calendar week and month boundaries. - The `viewId` must be an [app view ID](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2649553#WebVersusAppViews)\"\n          type: boolean\n          example: true\n      type: object\n    ColumnHeader:\n      description: Column headers.\n      properties:\n        dimensions:\n\
  \          description: The dimension names in the response.\n          items:\n            type: string\n          type: array\n        metricHeader:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/MetricHeader\"\n          description: Metric headers for the metrics in the response.\n      type: object\n    CustomDimension:\n      description: Custom dimension.\n      properties:\n        index:\n          description: Slot number of custom dimension.\n          format: int32\n          type: integer\n          example: 42\n        value:\n          description: Value of the custom dimension. Default value (i.e. empty string) indicates clearing sesion/visitor scope custom dimension value.\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n      type: object\n    DateRange:\n      description: \"A contiguous set of days: startDate, startDate + 1 day, ..., endDate. The start and end dates are specified in [ISO8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) date format `YYYY-MM-DD`.\"\n \
  \     properties:\n        endDate:\n          description: The end date for the query in the format `YYYY-MM-DD`.\n          type: string\n          example: '2026-04-17'\n        startDate:\n          description: The start date for the query in the format `YYYY-MM-DD`.\n          type: string\n          example: '2026-04-17'\n      type: object\n    DateRangeValues:\n      description: Used to return a list of metrics for a single DateRange / dimension combination\n      properties:\n        pivotValueRegions:\n          description: The values of each pivot region.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/PivotValueRegion\"\n          type: array\n        values:\n          description: Each value corresponds to each Metric in the request.\n          items:\n            type: string\n          type: array\n      type: object\n    Dimension:\n      description: '[Dimensions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033861) are attributes of your data. For example,\
  \ the dimension `ga:city` indicates the city, for example, \"Paris\" or \"New York\",\n        from which a session originates.'\n      properties:\n        histogramBuckets:\n          description: 'If non-empty, we place dimension values into buckets after string to int64. Dimension values that are not the string representation of an integral value will be converted to zero.\n            The bucket values have to be in increasing order. Each bucket is closed on the lower end, and open on the upper end. The \"first\" bucket includes all values less than the first boundary, the\n            \"last\" bucket includes all values up to infinity. Dimension values that fall in a bucket get transformed to a new dimension value. For example, if one gives a list of \"0, 1, 3, 4, 7\", then we\n            return the following buckets: - bucket #1: values < 0, dimension value \"<0\" - bucket #2: values in [0,1), dimension value \"0\" - bucket #3: values in [1,3), dimension value \"1-2\" - bucket\
  \ #4:\n            values in [3,4), dimension value \"3\" - bucket #5: values in [4,7), dimension value \"4-6\" - bucket #6: values >= 7, dimension value \"7+\" NOTE: If you are applying histogram mutation on any dimension,\n            and using that dimension in sort, you will want to use the sort type `HISTOGRAM_BUCKET` for that purpose. Without that the dimension values will be sorted according to dictionary (lexicographic)\n            order. For example the ascending dictionary order is: \"<50\", \"1001+\", \"121-1000\", \"50-120\" And the ascending `HISTOGRAM_BUCKET` order is: \"<50\", \"50-120\", \"121-1000\", \"1001+\" The client has\n            to explicitly request `\"orderType\": \"HISTOGRAM_BUCKET\"` for a histogram-mutated dimension.'\n          items:\n            format: int64\n            type: string\n          type: array\n        name:\n          description: Name of the dimension to fetch, for example `ga:browser`.\n          type: string\n          example: Example\
  \ Name\n      type: object\n    DimensionFilter:\n      description: Dimension filter specifies the filtering options on a dimension.\n      properties:\n        caseSensitive:\n          description: Should the match be case sensitive? Default is false.\n          type: boolean\n          example: true\n        dimensionName:\n          description: The dimension to filter on. A DimensionFilter must contain a dimension.\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        expressions:\n          description: Strings or regular expression to match against. Only the first value of the list is used for comparison unless the operator is `IN_LIST`. If `IN_LIST` operator, then the entire \n            list is used to filter the dimensions as explained in the description of the `IN_LIST` operator.\n          items:\n            type: string\n          type: array\n        not:\n          description: Logical `NOT` operator. If this boolean is set to true, then the matching dimension\
  \ values will be excluded in the report. The default is false.\n          type: boolean\n          example: true\n        operator:\n          description: How to match the dimension to the expression. The default is REGEXP.\n          enum:\n          - OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n          - REGEXP\n          - BEGINS_WITH\n          - ENDS_WITH\n          - PARTIAL\n          - EXACT\n          - NUMERIC_EQUAL\n          - NUMERIC_GREATER_THAN\n          - NUMERIC_LESS_THAN\n          - IN_LIST\n          type: string\n          example: OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n      type: object\n    DimensionFilterClause:\n      description: A group of dimension filters. Set the operator value to specify how the filters are logically combined.\n      properties:\n        filters:\n          description: The repeated set of filters. They are logically combined based on the operator specified.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/DimensionFilter\"\n          type: array\n        operator:\n\
  \          description: The operator for combining multiple dimension filters. If unspecified, it is treated as an `OR`.\n          enum:\n          - OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n          - OR\n          - AND\n          type: string\n          example: OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n      type: object\n    DynamicSegment:\n      description: Dynamic segment definition for defining the segment within the request. A segment can select users, sessions or both.\n      properties:\n        name:\n          description: The name of the dynamic segment.\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        sessionSegment:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/SegmentDefinition\"\n          description: Session Segment to select sessions to include in the segment.\n        userSegment:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/SegmentDefinition\"\n          description: User Segment to select users to include in the segment.\n      type: object\n    EcommerceData:\n      description: E-commerce\
  \ details associated with the user activity.\n      properties:\n        actionType:\n          description: Action associated with this e-commerce action.\n          enum:\n          - UNKNOWN\n          - CLICK\n          - DETAILS_VIEW\n          - ADD_TO_CART\n          - REMOVE_FROM_CART\n          - CHECKOUT\n          - PAYMENT\n          - REFUND\n          - CHECKOUT_OPTION\n          type: string\n          example: UNKNOWN\n        ecommerceType:\n          description: The type of this e-commerce activity.\n          enum:\n          - ECOMMERCE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n          - CLASSIC\n          - ENHANCED\n          type: string\n          example: ECOMMERCE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n        products:\n          description: Details of the products in this transaction.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ProductData\"\n          type: array\n        transaction:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/TransactionData\"\n          description: Transaction details\
  \ of this e-commerce action.\n      type: object\n    EventData:\n      description: Represents all the details pertaining to an event.\n      properties:\n        eventAction:\n          description: \"Type of interaction with the object. Eg: 'play'.\"\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        eventCategory:\n          description: \"The object on the page that was interacted with. Eg: 'Video'.\"\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        eventCount:\n          description: Number of such events in this activity.\n          format: int64\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        eventLabel:\n          description: Label attached with the event.\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        eventValue:\n          description: Numeric value associated with the event.\n          format: int64\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n      type: object\n    GetReportsRequest:\n\
  \      description: The batch request containing multiple report request.\n      properties:\n        reportRequests:\n          description: Requests, each request will have a separate response. There can be a maximum of 5 requests. All requests should have the same `dateRanges`, `viewId`, `segments`, \n            `samplingLevel`, and `cohortGroup`.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ReportRequest\"\n          type: array\n        useResourceQuotas:\n          description: Enables [resource based quotas](/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v4/limits-quotas#analytics_reporting_api_v4), (defaults to `False`). If this field is set to `True` the per \n            view (profile) quotas are governed by the computational cost of the request. Note that using cost based quotas will higher enable sampling rates. (10 Million for `SMALL`, 100M for `LARGE`.\n            See the [limits and quotas documentation](/analytics/devguides/reporting/core/v4/limits-quotas#analytics_reporting_api_v4)\
  \ for details.\n          type: boolean\n          example: true\n      type: object\n    GetReportsResponse:\n      description: The main response class which holds the reports from the Reporting API `batchGet` call.\n      properties:\n        queryCost:\n          description: The amount of resource quota tokens deducted to execute the query. Includes all responses.\n          format: int32\n          type: integer\n          example: 42\n        reports:\n          description: Responses corresponding to each of the request.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/Report\"\n          type: array\n        resourceQuotasRemaining:\n          $ref: \"#/components/schemas/ResourceQuotasRemaining\"\n          description: The amount of resource quota remaining for the property.\n      type: object\n    GoalData:\n      description: Represents all the details pertaining to a goal.\n      properties:\n        goalCompletionLocation:\n          description: URL of the page\
  \ where this goal was completed.\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        goalCompletions:\n          description: Total number of goal completions in this activity.\n          format: int64\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        goalIndex:\n          description: This identifies the goal as configured for the profile.\n          format: int32\n          type: integer\n          example: 42\n        goalName:\n          description: Name of the goal.\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        goalPreviousStep1:\n          description: URL of the page one step prior to the goal completion.\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        goalPreviousStep2:\n          description: URL of the page two steps prior to the goal completion.\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        goalPreviousStep3:\n          description: URL of the page three steps prior to the goal completion.\n\
  \          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        goalValue:\n          description: Value in this goal.\n          format: double\n          type: number\n          example: 42.5\n      type: object\n    GoalSetData:\n      description: Represents a set of goals that were reached in an activity.\n      properties:\n        goals:\n          description: All the goals that were reached in the current activity.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/GoalData\"\n          type: array\n      type: object\n    Metric:\n      description: \"[Metrics](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033861) are the quantitative measurements. For example, the metric `ga:users` indicates the total number of users for the requested\n        time period.\"\n      properties:\n        alias:\n          description: An alias for the metric expression is an alternate name for the expression. The alias can be used for filtering and sorting. This field is optional and\
  \ is useful if the \n            expression is not a single metric but a complex expression which cannot be used in filtering and sorting. The alias is also used in the response column header.\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        expression:\n          description: \"A metric expression in the request. An expression is constructed from one or more metrics and numbers. Accepted operators include: Plus (+), Minus (-), Negation (Unary -), Divided\n            by (/), Multiplied by (*), Parenthesis, Positive cardinal numbers (0-9), can include decimals and is limited to 1024 characters. Example `ga:totalRefunds/ga:users`, in most cases the metric\n            expression is just a single metric name like `ga:users`. Adding mixed `MetricType` (E.g., `CURRENCY` + `PERCENTAGE`) metrics will result in unexpected results.\"\n          type: string\n          example: ga:sessions\n        formattingType:\n          description: Specifies how the metric expression should\
  \ be formatted, for example `INTEGER`.\n          enum:\n          - METRIC_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n          - INTEGER\n          - FLOAT\n          - CURRENCY\n          - PERCENT\n          - TIME\n          type: string\n          example: METRIC_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n      type: object\n    MetricFilter:\n      description: MetricFilter specifies the filter on a metric.\n      properties:\n        comparisonValue:\n          description: The value to compare against.\n          type: string\n          example: example_value\n        metricName:\n          description: The metric that will be filtered on. A metricFilter must contain a metric name. A metric name can be an alias earlier defined as a metric or it can also be a metric expression.\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        not:\n          description: Logical `NOT` operator. If this boolean is set to true, then the matching metric values will be excluded in the report. The default is false.\n          type:\
  \ boolean\n          example: true\n        operator:\n          description: Is the metric `EQUAL`, `LESS_THAN` or `GREATER_THAN` the comparisonValue, the default is `EQUAL`. If the operator is `IS_MISSING`, checks if the metric is missing and would \n            ignore the comparisonValue.\n          enum:\n          - OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n          - EQUAL\n          - LESS_THAN\n          - GREATER_THAN\n          - IS_MISSING\n          type: string\n          example: OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n      type: object\n    MetricFilterClause:\n      description: Represents a group of metric filters. Set the operator value to specify how the filters are logically combined.\n      properties:\n        filters:\n          description: The repeated set of filters. They are logically combined based on the operator specified.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/MetricFilter\"\n          type: array\n        operator:\n          description: The operator for combining multiple\
  \ metric filters. If unspecified, it is treated as an `OR`.\n          enum:\n          - OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n          - OR\n          - AND\n          type: string\n          example: OPERATOR_UNSPECIFIED\n      type: object\n    MetricHeader:\n      description: The headers for the metrics.\n      properties:\n        metricHeaderEntries:\n          description: Headers for the metrics in the response.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/MetricHeaderEntry\"\n          type: array\n        pivotHeaders:\n          description: Headers for the pivots in the response.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/PivotHeader\"\n          type: array\n      type: object\n    MetricHeaderEntry:\n      description: Header for the metrics.\n      properties:\n        name:\n          description: The name of the header.\n          type: string\n          example: Example Name\n        type:\n          description: The type of the metric, for example\
  \ `INTEGER`.\n          enum:\n          - METRIC_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n          - INTEGER\n          - FLOAT\n          - CURRENCY\n          - PERCENT\n          - TIME\n          type: string\n          example: METRIC_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n      type: object\n    OrFiltersForSegment:\n      description: A list of segment filters in the `OR` group are combined with the logical OR operator.\n      properties:\n        segmentFilterClauses:\n          description: List of segment filters to be combined with a `OR` operator.\n          items:\n            $ref: \"#/components/schemas/SegmentFilterClause\"\n          type: array\n      type: object\n    OrderBy:\n      description: Specifies the sorting options.\n      properties:\n        fieldName:\n          description: \"The field which to sort by. The default sort order is ascending. Example: `ga:browser`. Note, that you can only specify one field for sort here. For example, `ga:browser, ga:city`\n            is not valid.\"\n          type:\
  \ string\n          example: Example Name\n        orderType:\n          description: The order type. The default orderType is `VALUE`.\n          enum:\n          - ORDER_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n          - VALUE\n          - DELTA\n          - SMART\n          - HISTOGRAM_BUCKET\n          - DIMENSION_AS_INTEGER\n          type: string\n          example: ORDER_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED\n        sortOrder:\n          description: The sorting order for the field.\n          enum:\n          - SORT_ORDER_UNSPECIFIED\n          - ASCENDING\n          - DESCENDING\n          type: string\n          example: SORT_ORDER_UNSPEC\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (61 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/google-analytics/refs/heads/main/openapi/google-analytics-reporting-api-v4.yaml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/google-analytics/refs/heads/main/openapi/google-analytics-reporting-api-v4.yaml
tags:
- Analytics
- Deprecated
- Legacy
- Reporting
- Universal Analytics
---
