---
aid: cloudmersive:cloudmersive-virus-scan-api
baseURL: ''
description: Scan files and content for viruses, malware, executables, scripts, macros, password-protected files, and other content threats. Includes both basic and advanced (multi-engine) scan modes and a website scan.
humanURL: https://cloudmersive.com/virus-api
image: ''
layout: api
name: Cloudmersive Virus Scan API
properties:
- type: Documentation
  url: https://api-console.cloudmersive.com/swagger/index.html?urls.primaryName=Virus%20Scan%20API
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://api-console.cloudmersive.com/swagger/api/virus
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/cloudmersive/refs/heads/main/openapi/cloudmersive-virus-scan-openapi.json
provider_name: Cloudmersive
provider_slug: cloudmersive
slug: cloudmersive-virus-scan-api
source_filename: cloudmersive-virus-scan-openapi.json
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_json: "{\n  \"swagger\": \"2.0\",\n  \"info\": {\n    \"version\": \"v1\",\n    \"title\": \"virusapi\",\n    \"description\": \"The Cloudmersive Virus Scan API lets you scan files and content for viruses and identify security issues with content.\"\n  },\n  \"host\": \"localhost\",\n  \"schemes\": [\n    \"https\"\n  ],\n  \"paths\": {\n    \"/virus/scan/file\": {\n      \"post\": {\n        \"tags\": [\n          \"Scan\"\n        ],\n        \"summary\": \"Scan a file for viruses\",\n        \"description\": \"Scan files and content for viruses. Leverage continuously updated signatures for millions of threats, and advanced high-performance scanning capabilities.  Over 17 million virus and malware signatures.  Continuous cloud-based updates.  Wide file format support including Office, PDF, HTML, Flash.  Zip support including .Zip, .Rar, .DMG, .Tar, and other archive formats.  Multi-threat scanning across viruses, malware, trojans, ransomware, and spyware.  High-speed in-memory scanning\
  \ delivers subsecond typical response time.\",\n        \"operationId\": \"Scan_File\",\n        \"consumes\": [\n          \"multipart/form-data\"\n        ],\n        \"produces\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\"\n        ],\n        \"parameters\": [\n          {\n            \"name\": \"inputFile\",\n            \"in\": \"formData\",\n            \"description\": \"Input file to perform the operation on.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"file\"\n          }\n        ],\n        \"responses\": {\n          \"200\": {\n            \"description\": \"OK\",\n            \"schema\": {\n              \"$ref\": \"#/definitions/VirusScanResult\"\n            }\n          }\n        },\n        \"security\": [\n          {\n            \"Apikey\": []\n          }\n        ]\n      }\n    },\n    \"/virus/scan/file/advanced\": {\n      \"post\": {\n        \"tags\": [\n          \"\
  Scan\"\n        ],\n        \"summary\": \"Advanced Scan a file for viruses\",\n        \"description\": \"Advanced Scan files with 360-degree Content Protection across Viruses and Malware, executables, invalid files, scripts, and even restrictions on accepted file types with complete content verification. Customize threat rules to your needs. Leverage continuously updated signatures for millions of threats, and advanced high-performance scanning capabilities.  Over 17 million virus and malware signatures.  Continuous cloud-based updates.  Block threats beyond viruses including executables, scripts, invalid files, and more.  Optionally limit input files to a specific set of file types (e.g. PDF and Word Documents only).  Wide file format support including Office, PDF, HTML, Flash, MSG, and a wide range of image file formats.  Zip support including .Zip, .Rar, .DMG, .Tar, and other archive formats.  Multi-threat scanning across viruses, malware, trojans, ransomware, and spyware.  High-speed\
  \ in-memory scanning delivers subsecond typical response time.\",\n        \"operationId\": \"Scan_FileAdvanced\",\n        \"consumes\": [\n          \"multipart/form-data\"\n        ],\n        \"produces\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\"\n        ],\n        \"parameters\": [\n          {\n            \"name\": \"inputFile\",\n            \"in\": \"formData\",\n            \"description\": \"Input file to perform the operation on.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"file\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"fileName\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Optional: specify the original file name of the file being scanned.  By default the file name is taken from inputFile parameter, but if this is not provided, or you wish to override it, you can specify the original file name using this parameter.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n\
  \            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowExecutables\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block executable files (program code) from being allowed in the input file.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowInvalidFiles\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block invalid files, such as a PDF file that is not really a valid PDF file, or a Word Document that is not a valid Word Document.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowScripts\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block script files, such as a PHP files, Python scripts, BAT scripts, JS scripts, and other malicious\
  \ content or security threats that can be embedded in the file.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowPasswordProtectedFiles\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block password protected and encrypted files, such as encrypted zip and rar files, and other files that seek to circumvent scanning through passwords.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowMacros\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block macros and other threats embedded in document files, such as Word, Excel and PowerPoint embedded Macros (including support for .DOCX, .XLSX, .PPTX, .DOC and .XLS), and other files\
  \ that contain embedded content threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowXmlExternalEntities\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block XML External Entities and other threats embedded in XML files, and other files that contain embedded content threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowInsecureDeserialization\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block Insecure Deserialization and other threats embedded in JSON and other object serialization files, and other files that contain embedded content threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\"\
  ,\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowHtml\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block HTML input in the top level file; HTML can contain XSS, scripts, local file accesses and other threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended) [for API keys created prior to the release of this feature default is true for backward compatability].  If set to true, HTML files containing script tags will be allowed, but ContainsScript will be set to true if script tags are present.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowUnsafeArchives\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block unsafe archives such as Zip Bombs, and other archives that can cause unsafe extraction outcomes.  Default is false (recommended).\
  \  If set to true, unsafe archives will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowOleEmbeddedObject\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block OLE embedded objects, which can contain vulnerabilities and executable code.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, OLE embedded objects will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowUnwantedAction\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block unwanted or undesired actions, which can contain execute or open links or content when the file is viewed.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, unwanted actions will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\"\
  : \"options\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Comma separated set of configuration operations.  Include permitJavascriptAndHtmlInPDFs to allow JavaScript and HTML in PDF files.  Include permitJavascriptInHtml to allow JavaScript in HTML files.  Include blockOfficeXmlOleEmbeddedFile to block embedded OLE files in Office Documents using the modern file format.  Include blockInvalidUris to block invalid URIs in Office documents.  Include permitAuthenticodeSignedExecutables to allow executables if they have a valid Authenticode signature.  Include scanMultipartFile to scan multi-part files such as split zip files.  Include ignoreRestrictFileTypesForAttachments to ignore restrictFileTypes setting for file attachments.  Default is no options.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"restrictFileTypes\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Specify a\
  \ restricted set of file formats to allow as clean as a comma-separated list of file formats, such as .pdf,.docx,.png would allow only PDF, PNG and Word document files.  All files must pass content verification against this list of file formats, if they do not, then the result will be returned as CleanResult=false.  Set restrictFileTypes parameter to null or empty string to disable; default is disabled.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          }\n        ],\n        \"responses\": {\n          \"200\": {\n            \"description\": \"OK\",\n            \"schema\": {\n              \"$ref\": \"#/definitions/VirusScanAdvancedResult\"\n            }\n          }\n        },\n        \"security\": [\n          {\n            \"Apikey\": []\n          }\n        ]\n      }\n    },\n    \"/virus/scan/website\": {\n      \"post\": {\n        \"tags\": [\n          \"Scan\"\n        ],\n        \"summary\": \"Scan a website for malicious content and threats\"\
  ,\n        \"description\": \"Operation includes scanning the content of the URL for various types of malicious content and threats, including viruses and threats (including Phishing).\",\n        \"operationId\": \"Scan_Website\",\n        \"consumes\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\",\n          \"application/x-www-form-urlencoded\"\n        ],\n        \"produces\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\"\n        ],\n        \"parameters\": [\n          {\n            \"name\": \"input\",\n            \"in\": \"body\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"schema\": {\n              \"$ref\": \"#/definitions/WebsiteScanRequest\"\n            }\n          }\n        ],\n        \"responses\": {\n          \"200\": {\n            \"description\": \"OK\",\n            \"schema\": {\n              \"$ref\": \"#/definitions/WebsiteScanResult\"\
  \n            }\n          }\n        },\n        \"security\": [\n          {\n            \"Apikey\": []\n          }\n        ]\n      }\n    },\n    \"/virus/scan/cloud-storage/azure-blob/single\": {\n      \"post\": {\n        \"tags\": [\n          \"ScanCloudStorage\"\n        ],\n        \"summary\": \"Scan an Azure Blob for viruses\",\n        \"description\": \"Scan the contents of a single Azure Blob and its content for viruses. Leverage continuously updated signatures for millions of threats, and advanced high-performance scanning capabilities.  Over 17 million virus and malware signatures.  Continuous cloud-based updates.  Wide file format support including Office, PDF, HTML, Flash.  Zip support including .Zip, .Rar, .DMG, .Tar, and other archive formats.  Multi-threat scanning across viruses, malware, trojans, ransomware, and spyware.  High-speed in-memory scanning delivers subsecond typical response time.\",\n        \"operationId\": \"ScanCloudStorage_ScanAzureBlob\",\n\
  \        \"consumes\": [\n          \"multipart/form-data\"\n        ],\n        \"produces\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\"\n        ],\n        \"parameters\": [\n          {\n            \"name\": \"connectionString\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Connection string for the Azure Blob Storage Account; you can get this connection string from the Access Keys tab of the Storage Account blade in the Azure Portal.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"containerName\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Name of the Blob container within the Azure Blob Storage account\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"blobPath\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\"\
  : \"Path to the blob within the container, such as 'hello.pdf' or '/folder/subfolder/world.pdf'.  If the blob path contains Unicode characters, you must base64 encode the blob path and prepend it with 'base64:', such as: 'base64:6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV'.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          }\n        ],\n        \"responses\": {\n          \"200\": {\n            \"description\": \"OK\",\n            \"schema\": {\n              \"$ref\": \"#/definitions/CloudStorageVirusScanResult\"\n            }\n          }\n        },\n        \"security\": [\n          {\n            \"Apikey\": []\n          }\n        ]\n      }\n    },\n    \"/virus/scan/cloud-storage/azure-blob/single/advanced\": {\n      \"post\": {\n        \"tags\": [\n          \"ScanCloudStorage\"\n        ],\n        \"summary\": \"Advanced Scan an Azure Blob for viruses\",\n        \"description\": \"Advanced Scan the contents of a single Azure Blob and its content for viruses\
  \ and threats.  Advanced Scan files with 360-degree Content Protection across Viruses and Malware, executables, invalid files, scripts, and even restrictions on accepted file types with complete content verification. Customize threat rules to your needs. Leverage continuously updated signatures for millions of threats, and advanced high-performance scanning capabilities.  Over 17 million virus and malware signatures.  Continuous cloud-based updates.  Block threats beyond viruses including executables, scripts, invalid files, and more.  Optionally limit input files to a specific set of file types (e.g. PDF and Word Documents only).  Wide file format support including Office, PDF, HTML, Flash.  Zip support including .Zip, .Rar, .DMG, .Tar, and other archive formats.  Multi-threat scanning across viruses, malware, trojans, ransomware, and spyware.  High-speed in-memory scanning delivers subsecond typical response time.\",\n        \"operationId\": \"ScanCloudStorage_ScanAzureBlobAdvanced\"\
  ,\n        \"consumes\": [\n          \"multipart/form-data\"\n        ],\n        \"produces\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\"\n        ],\n        \"parameters\": [\n          {\n            \"name\": \"connectionString\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Connection string for the Azure Blob Storage Account; you can get this connection string from the Access Keys tab of the Storage Account blade in the Azure Portal.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"containerName\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Name of the Blob container within the Azure Blob Storage account\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"blobPath\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\"\
  : \"Path to the blob within the container, such as 'hello.pdf' or '/folder/subfolder/world.pdf'.  If the blob path contains Unicode characters, you must base64 encode the blob path and prepend it with 'base64:', such as: 'base64:6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV'.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowExecutables\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block executable files (program code) from being allowed in the input file.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowInvalidFiles\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block invalid files, such as a PDF file that is not really a valid PDF file, or a Word Document that is not a valid Word Document.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\"\
  : false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowScripts\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block script files, such as a PHP files, Python scripts, and other malicious content or security threats that can be embedded in the file.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowPasswordProtectedFiles\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block password protected and encrypted files, such as encrypted zip and rar files, and other files that seek to circumvent scanning through passwords.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowMacros\"\
  ,\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block macros and other threats embedded in document files, such as Word, Excel and PowerPoint embedded Macros, and other files that contain embedded content threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowXmlExternalEntities\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block XML External Entities and other threats embedded in XML files, and other files that contain embedded content threats. Set to true to allow these file types. Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowInsecureDeserialization\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block Insecure\
  \ Deserialization and other threats embedded in JSON and other object serialization files, and other files that contain embedded content threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowHtml\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block HTML input in the top level file; HTML can contain XSS, scripts, local file accesses and other threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended) [for API keys created prior to the release of this feature default is true for backward compatability].\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowUnsafeArchives\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block unsafe archives such as Zip Bombs, and other\
  \ archives that can cause unsafe extraction outcomes.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, unsafe archives will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowOleEmbeddedObject\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block OLE embedded objects, which can contain vulnerabilities and executable code.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, OLE embedded objects will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowUnwantedAction\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block unwanted or undesired actions, which can contain execute or open links or content when the file is viewed.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, unwanted actions will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n\
  \            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"options\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Comma separated set of configuration operations.  Include permitJavascriptAndHtmlInPDFs to allow JavaScript and HTML in PDF files.  Include blockOfficeXmlOleEmbeddedFile to block embedded OLE files in Office Documents using the modern file format.  Include scanMultipartFile to scan multi-part files such as split zip files.  Default is no options.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"restrictFileTypes\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Specify a restricted set of file formats to allow as clean as a comma-separated list of file formats, such as .pdf,.docx,.png would allow only PDF, PNG and Word document files.  All files must pass content verification against this list of file formats, if they do not, then the\
  \ result will be returned as CleanResult=false.  Set restrictFileTypes parameter to null or empty string to disable; default is disabled.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          }\n        ],\n        \"responses\": {\n          \"200\": {\n            \"description\": \"OK\",\n            \"schema\": {\n              \"$ref\": \"#/definitions/CloudStorageAdvancedVirusScanResult\"\n            }\n          }\n        },\n        \"security\": [\n          {\n            \"Apikey\": []\n          }\n        ]\n      }\n    },\n    \"/virus/scan/cloud-storage/azure-blob/single/advanced/batch-job\": {\n      \"post\": {\n        \"tags\": [\n          \"ScanCloudStorage\"\n        ],\n        \"summary\": \"Advanced Scan an Azure Blob for viruses via a batch job\",\n        \"description\": \"Via a batch job, advanced Scan the contents of a single Azure Blob and its content for viruses and threats, great for larger/longer processing jobs.  Requires\
  \ Managed Instance or Private Cloud.  Returns a job ID which you can then use the Get Job Status API to get the status and output of the job.  Advanced Scan files with 360-degree Content Protection across Viruses and Malware, executables, invalid files, scripts, and even restrictions on accepted file types with complete content verification. Customize threat rules to your needs. Leverage continuously updated signatures for millions of threats, and advanced high-performance scanning capabilities.  Over 17 million virus and malware signatures.  Continuous cloud-based updates.  Block threats beyond viruses including executables, scripts, invalid files, and more.  Optionally limit input files to a specific set of file types (e.g. PDF and Word Documents only).  Wide file format support including Office, PDF, HTML, Flash.  Zip support including .Zip, .Rar, .DMG, .Tar, and other archive formats.  Multi-threat scanning across viruses, malware, trojans, ransomware, and spyware.  High-speed in-memory\
  \ scanning delivers subsecond typical response time.\",\n        \"operationId\": \"ScanCloudStorage_ScanAzureBlobAdvancedBatchJob\",\n        \"consumes\": [\n          \"multipart/form-data\"\n        ],\n        \"produces\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\"\n        ],\n        \"parameters\": [\n          {\n            \"name\": \"connectionString\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Connection string for the Azure Blob Storage Account; you can get this connection string from the Access Keys tab of the Storage Account blade in the Azure Portal.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"containerName\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Name of the Blob container within the Azure Blob Storage account\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\":\
  \ \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"blobPath\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Path to the blob within the container, such as 'hello.pdf' or '/folder/subfolder/world.pdf'.  If the blob path contains Unicode characters, you must base64 encode the blob path and prepend it with 'base64:', such as: 'base64:6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV6ZWV'.\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowExecutables\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block executable files (program code) from being allowed in the input file.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowInvalidFiles\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block invalid files, such as a PDF file that is\
  \ not really a valid PDF file, or a Word Document that is not a valid Word Document.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowScripts\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block script files, such as a PHP files, Python scripts, and other malicious content or security threats that can be embedded in the file.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowPasswordProtectedFiles\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block password protected and encrypted files, such as encrypted zip and rar files, and other files that seek to circumvent scanning through passwords.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\"\
  ,\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowMacros\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block macros and other threats embedded in document files, such as Word, Excel and PowerPoint embedded Macros, and other files that contain embedded content threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowXmlExternalEntities\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block XML External Entities and other threats embedded in XML files, and other files that contain embedded content threats. Set to true to allow these file types. Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"\
  name\": \"allowInsecureDeserialization\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block Insecure Deserialization and other threats embedded in JSON and other object serialization files, and other files that contain embedded content threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended).\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowHtml\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block HTML input in the top level file; HTML can contain XSS, scripts, local file accesses and other threats.  Set to true to allow these file types.  Default is false (recommended) [for API keys created prior to the release of this feature default is true for backward compatability].\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowUnsafeArchives\"\
  ,\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block unsafe archives such as Zip Bombs, and other archives that can cause unsafe extraction outcomes.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, unsafe archives will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowOleEmbeddedObject\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block OLE embedded objects, which can contain vulnerabilities and executable code.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, OLE embedded objects will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"allowUnwantedAction\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Set to false to block unwanted or undesired actions, which can contain execute or open links or content when the file\
  \ is viewed.  Default is false (recommended).  If set to true, unwanted actions will be allowed.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"boolean\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"options\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Comma separated set of configuration operations.  Include permitJavascriptAndHtmlInPDFs to allow JavaScript and HTML in PDF files.  Include blockOfficeXmlOleEmbeddedFile to block embedded OLE files in Office Documents using the modern file format.  Include scanMultipartFile to scan multi-part files such as split zip files.  Default is no options.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"restrictFileTypes\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Specify a restricted set of file formats to allow as clean as a comma-separated list of file formats, such as .pdf,.docx,.png would allow only PDF,\
  \ PNG and Word document files.  All files must pass content verification against this list of file formats, if they do not, then the result will be returned as CleanResult=false.  Set restrictFileTypes parameter to null or empty string to disable; default is disabled.\",\n            \"required\": false,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          }\n        ],\n        \"responses\": {\n          \"200\": {\n            \"description\": \"OK\",\n            \"schema\": {\n              \"$ref\": \"#/definitions/ScanCloudStorageBatchJobCreateResult\"\n            }\n          }\n        },\n        \"security\": [\n          {\n            \"Apikey\": []\n          }\n        ]\n      }\n    },\n    \"/virus/scan/cloud-storage/aws-s3/single\": {\n      \"post\": {\n        \"tags\": [\n          \"ScanCloudStorage\"\n        ],\n        \"summary\": \"Scan an AWS S3 file for viruses\",\n        \"description\": \"Scan the contents of a single AWS S3 file and its content for viruses. Leverage\
  \ continuously updated signatures for millions of threats, and advanced high-performance scanning capabilities.  Over 17 million virus and malware signatures.  Continuous cloud-based updates.  Wide file format support including Office, PDF, HTML, Flash.  Zip support including .Zip, .Rar, .DMG, .Tar, and other archive formats.  Multi-threat scanning across viruses, malware, trojans, ransomware, and spyware.  High-speed in-memory scanning delivers subsecond typical response time.\",\n        \"operationId\": \"ScanCloudStorage_ScanAwsS3File\",\n        \"consumes\": [\n          \"multipart/form-data\"\n        ],\n        \"produces\": [\n          \"application/json\",\n          \"text/json\",\n          \"application/xml\",\n          \"text/xml\"\n        ],\n        \"parameters\": [\n          {\n            \"name\": \"accessKey\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"AWS S3 access key for the S3 bucket; you can get this from My Security Credentials in\
  \ the AWS console\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"secretKey\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"AWS S3 secret key for the S3 bucket; you can get this from My Security Credentials in the AWS console\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n            \"name\": \"bucketRegion\",\n            \"in\": \"header\",\n            \"description\": \"Name of the region of the S3 bucket, such as 'US-East-1'\",\n            \"required\": true,\n            \"type\": \"string\"\n          },\n          {\n        \n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (86 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/cloudmersive/refs/heads/main/openapi/cloudmersive-virus-scan-openapi.json\n"
source_json_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/cloudmersive/refs/heads/main/openapi/cloudmersive-virus-scan-openapi.json
tags:
- Antivirus
- Malware
- Security
- Virus Scanning
---
