---
aid: amazon-simpledb:amazon-simpledb-api
baseURL: https://sdb.amazonaws.com
description: The Amazon SimpleDB API provides programmatic access to create and manage domains, items, and attributes for simple NoSQL data storage and querying of structured data in the cloud.
humanURL: https://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/
image: ''
layout: api
name: Amazon SimpleDB API
properties:
- type: Documentation
  url: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonSimpleDB/latest/DeveloperGuide/Welcome.html
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-simpledb/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-simpledb.yaml
- type: GettingStarted
  url: https://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/
- type: Pricing
  url: https://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/pricing/
- type: FAQ
  url: https://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/faqs/
provider_name: Amazon SimpleDB
provider_slug: amazon-simpledb
slug: amazon-simpledb-api
source_filename: amazon-simpledb.yaml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "openapi: 3.0.0\ninfo:\n  version: '2009-04-15'\n  x-release: v2\n  title: Amazon SimpleDB\n  description: 'Amazon SimpleDB is a web service providing the core database functions of data indexing and querying in the cloud. By offloading the time and effort associated with building and operating\n    a web-scale database, SimpleDB provides developers the freedom to focus on application development. <p> A traditional, clustered relational database requires a sizable upfront capital outlay, is complex\n    to design, and often requires extensive and repetitive database administration. Amazon SimpleDB is dramatically simpler, requiring no schema, automatically indexing your data and providing a simple\n    API for storage and access. This approach eliminates the administrative burden of data modeling, index maintenance, and performance tuning. Developers gain access to this functionality within Amazon''s\n    proven computing environment, are able to scale instantly, and pay only\
  \ for what they use. </p> <p> Visit <a href=\"http://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/\">http://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/</a> for more information.\n    </p>'\n  x-logo:\n    url: 'https://twitter.com/awscloud/profile_image?size=original'\n    backgroundColor: '#FFFFFF'\n  termsOfService: 'https://aws.amazon.com/service-terms/'\n  contact:\n    name: Mike Ralphson\n    email: mike.ralphson@gmail.com\n    url: 'https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi'\n    x-twitter: PermittedSoc\n  license:\n    name: Apache 2.0 License\n    url: 'http://www.apache.org/licenses/'\n  x-providerName: amazonaws.com\n  x-serviceName: sdb\n  x-origin:\n  - contentType: application/json\n    url: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/master/apis/sdb-2009-04-15.normal.json'\n    converter:\n      url: 'https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi'\n      version: 1.0.0\n    x-apisguru-driver: external\n  x-apiClientRegistration:\n    url: 'https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html?nc2=h_ct'\n\
  \  x-apisguru-categories:\n  - cloud\n  x-preferred: true\nexternalDocs:\n  description: Amazon Web Services documentation\n  url: 'https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdb/'\nservers:\n- url: 'http://sdb.amazonaws.com'\n  variables: {}\n  description: The general Amazon SimpleDB endpoint for US East (N. Virginia)\n- url: 'https://sdb.amazonaws.com'\n  variables: {}\n  description: The general Amazon SimpleDB endpoint for US East (N. Virginia)\n- url: 'http://sdb.{region}.amazonaws.com'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - us-east-2\n      - us-west-1\n      - us-west-2\n      - us-gov-west-1\n      - us-gov-east-1\n      - ca-central-1\n      - eu-north-1\n      - eu-west-1\n      - eu-west-2\n      - eu-west-3\n      - eu-central-1\n      - eu-south-1\n      - af-south-1\n      - ap-northeast-1\n      - ap-northeast-2\n      - ap-northeast-3\n      - ap-southeast-1\n      - ap-southeast-2\n      - ap-east-1\n      - ap-south-1\n      - sa-east-1\n\
  \      - me-south-1\n      default: us-east-2\n  description: The Amazon SimpleDB multi-region endpoint\n- url: 'https://sdb.{region}.amazonaws.com'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - us-east-2\n      - us-west-1\n      - us-west-2\n      - us-gov-west-1\n      - us-gov-east-1\n      - ca-central-1\n      - eu-north-1\n      - eu-west-1\n      - eu-west-2\n      - eu-west-3\n      - eu-central-1\n      - eu-south-1\n      - af-south-1\n      - ap-northeast-1\n      - ap-northeast-2\n      - ap-northeast-3\n      - ap-southeast-1\n      - ap-southeast-2\n      - ap-east-1\n      - ap-south-1\n      - sa-east-1\n      - me-south-1\n      default: us-east-2\n  description: The Amazon SimpleDB multi-region endpoint\n- url: 'http://sdb.{region}.amazonaws.com.cn'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - cn-north-1\n      - cn-northwest-1\n      default: cn-north-1\n  description: The Amazon SimpleDB endpoint\
  \ for China (Beijing) and China (Ningxia)\n- url: 'https://sdb.{region}.amazonaws.com.cn'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - cn-north-1\n      - cn-northwest-1\n      default: cn-north-1\n  description: The Amazon SimpleDB endpoint for China (Beijing) and China (Ningxia)\nx-hasEquivalentPaths: true\npaths:\n  /#Action=BatchDeleteAttributes:\n    get:\n      x-aws-operation-name: BatchDeleteAttributes\n      operationId: GET_BatchDeleteAttributes\n      description: '<p> Performs multiple DeleteAttributes operations in a single call, which reduces round trips and latencies. This enables Amazon SimpleDB to optimize requests, which generally yields\n        better throughput. </p> <note> <p> If you specify BatchDeleteAttributes without attributes or values, all the attributes for the item are deleted. </p> <p> BatchDeleteAttributes is an idempotent\n        operation; running it multiple times on the same item or attribute doesn''t result in\
  \ an error. </p> <p> The BatchDeleteAttributes operation succeeds or fails in its entirety. There are no partial\n        deletes. You can execute multiple BatchDeleteAttributes operations and other operations in parallel. However, large numbers of concurrent BatchDeleteAttributes calls can result in Service Unavailable\n        (503) responses. </p> <p> This operation is vulnerable to exceeding the maximum URL size when making a REST request using the HTTP GET method. </p> <p> This operation does not support conditions\n        using Expected.X.Name, Expected.X.Value, or Expected.X.Exists. </p> </note> <p> The following limitations are enforced for this operation: <ul> <li>1 MB request size</li> <li>25 item limit per BatchDeleteAttributes\n        operation</li> </ul> </p>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n      parameters:\n      - name: DomainName\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: The name of the domain in which the attributes\
  \ are being deleted.\n        schema:\n          type: string\n      - name: Items\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: A list of items on which to perform the operation.\n        schema:\n          type: array\n          items:\n            allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/DeletableItem'\n            - xml:\n                name: Item\n          xml:\n            wrapped: false\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - BatchDeleteAttributes\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon G E T_ Batch Delete Attributes\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/AWSAccessKeyId'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Action'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureMethod'\n\
  \    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureVersion'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Timestamp'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Version'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Signature'\n    post:\n      x-aws-operation-name: BatchDeleteAttributes\n      operationId: POST_BatchDeleteAttributes\n      description: '<p> Performs multiple DeleteAttributes operations in a single call, which reduces round trips and latencies. This enables Amazon SimpleDB to optimize requests, which generally yields\n        better throughput. </p> <note> <p> If you specify BatchDeleteAttributes without attributes or values, all the attributes for the item are deleted. </p> <p> BatchDeleteAttributes is an idempotent\n        operation; running it multiple times on the same item or attribute doesn''t result in an error. </p> <p> The BatchDeleteAttributes operation succeeds or fails in its entirety. There are no partial\n        deletes. You can execute multiple BatchDeleteAttributes operations\
  \ and other operations in parallel. However, large numbers of concurrent BatchDeleteAttributes calls can result in Service Unavailable\n        (503) responses. </p> <p> This operation is vulnerable to exceeding the maximum URL size when making a REST request using the HTTP GET method. </p> <p> This operation does not support conditions\n        using Expected.X.Name, Expected.X.Value, or Expected.X.Exists. </p> </note> <p> The following limitations are enforced for this operation: <ul> <li>1 MB request size</li> <li>25 item limit per BatchDeleteAttributes\n        operation</li> </ul> </p>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          text/xml:\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/BatchDeleteAttributesRequest'\n      parameters:\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - BatchDeleteAttributes\n   \
  \   - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon P O S T_ Batch Delete Attributes\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /#Action=BatchPutAttributes:\n    get:\n      x-aws-operation-name: BatchPutAttributes\n      operationId: GET_BatchPutAttributes\n      description: '<p> The <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> operation creates or replaces attributes within one or more items. By using this operation, the client can perform multiple <a>PutAttribute</a>\n        operation with a single call. This helps yield savings in round trips and latencies, enabling Amazon SimpleDB to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput. </p> <p> The client may\n        specify the item name with the <code>Item.X.ItemName</code> parameter. The client may specify new attributes using a combination of the <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Name</code>\
  \ and <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Value</code>\n        parameters. The client may specify the first attribute for the first item using the parameters <code>Item.0.Attribute.0.Name</code> and <code>Item.0.Attribute.0.Value</code>, and for the second\n        attribute for the first item by the parameters <code>Item.0.Attribute.1.Name</code> and <code>Item.0.Attribute.1.Value</code>, and so on. </p> <p> Attributes are uniquely identified within an item\n        by their name/value combination. For example, a single item can have the attributes <code>{ \"first_name\", \"first_value\" }</code> and <code>{ \"first_name\", \"second_value\" }</code>. However, it cannot\n        have two attribute instances where both the <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Name</code> and <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Value</code> are the same. </p> <p> Optionally, the requester can supply the <code>Replace</code>\n        parameter for each individual value. Setting this value to <code>true</code> will cause the new attribute\
  \ values to replace the existing attribute values. For example, if an item <code>I</code>\n        has the attributes <code>{ ''a'', ''1'' }, { ''b'', ''2''}</code> and <code>{ ''b'', ''3'' }</code> and the requester does a BatchPutAttributes of <code>{''I'', ''b'', ''4'' }</code> with the Replace\n        parameter set to true, the final attributes of the item will be <code>{ ''a'', ''1'' }</code> and <code>{ ''b'', ''4'' }</code>, replacing the previous values of the ''b'' attribute with the new\n        value. </p> <note> You cannot specify an empty string as an item or as an attribute name. The <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> operation succeeds or fails in its entirety. There are no partial puts.\n        </note> <important> This operation is vulnerable to exceeding the maximum URL size when making a REST request using the HTTP GET method. This operation does not support conditions using <code>Expected.X.Name</code>,\n        <code>Expected.X.Value</code>, or <code>Expected.X.Exists</code>.\
  \ </important> <p> You can execute multiple <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> operations and other operations in parallel. However,\n        large numbers of concurrent <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> calls can result in Service Unavailable (503) responses. </p> <p> The following limitations are enforced for this operation: <ul> <li>256\n        attribute name-value pairs per item</li> <li>1 MB request size</li> <li>1 billion attributes per domain</li> <li>10 GB of total user data storage per domain</li> <li>25 item limit per <code>BatchPutAttributes</code>\n        operation</li> </ul> </p>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: NoSuchDomain\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NoSuchDomain'\n        '409':\n          description: NumberSubmittedAttributesExceeded\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n\
  \            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NumberSubmittedAttributesExceeded'\n      parameters:\n      - name: DomainName\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: The name of the domain in which the attributes are being stored.\n        schema:\n          type: string\n      - name: Items\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: A list of items on which to perform the operation.\n        schema:\n          type: array\n          items:\n            allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/ReplaceableItem'\n            - xml:\n                name: Item\n          xml:\n            wrapped: false\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - BatchPutAttributes\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          -\
  \ '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon G E T_ Batch Put Attributes\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/AWSAccessKeyId'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Action'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureMethod'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureVersion'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Timestamp'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Version'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Signature'\n    post:\n      x-aws-operation-name: BatchPutAttributes\n      operationId: POST_BatchPutAttributes\n      description: '<p> The <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> operation creates or replaces attributes within one or more items. By using this operation, the client can perform multiple <a>PutAttribute</a>\n        operation with a single call. This helps yield savings in round trips and latencies, enabling Amazon SimpleDB to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput.\
  \ </p> <p> The client may\n        specify the item name with the <code>Item.X.ItemName</code> parameter. The client may specify new attributes using a combination of the <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Name</code> and <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Value</code>\n        parameters. The client may specify the first attribute for the first item using the parameters <code>Item.0.Attribute.0.Name</code> and <code>Item.0.Attribute.0.Value</code>, and for the second\n        attribute for the first item by the parameters <code>Item.0.Attribute.1.Name</code> and <code>Item.0.Attribute.1.Value</code>, and so on. </p> <p> Attributes are uniquely identified within an item\n        by their name/value combination. For example, a single item can have the attributes <code>{ \"first_name\", \"first_value\" }</code> and <code>{ \"first_name\", \"second_value\" }</code>. However, it cannot\n        have two attribute instances where both the <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Name</code> and <code>Item.X.Attribute.Y.Value</code>\
  \ are the same. </p> <p> Optionally, the requester can supply the <code>Replace</code>\n        parameter for each individual value. Setting this value to <code>true</code> will cause the new attribute values to replace the existing attribute values. For example, if an item <code>I</code>\n        has the attributes <code>{ ''a'', ''1'' }, { ''b'', ''2''}</code> and <code>{ ''b'', ''3'' }</code> and the requester does a BatchPutAttributes of <code>{''I'', ''b'', ''4'' }</code> with the Replace\n        parameter set to true, the final attributes of the item will be <code>{ ''a'', ''1'' }</code> and <code>{ ''b'', ''4'' }</code>, replacing the previous values of the ''b'' attribute with the new\n        value. </p> <note> You cannot specify an empty string as an item or as an attribute name. The <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> operation succeeds or fails in its entirety. There are no partial puts.\n        </note> <important> This operation is vulnerable to exceeding the maximum URL size\
  \ when making a REST request using the HTTP GET method. This operation does not support conditions using <code>Expected.X.Name</code>,\n        <code>Expected.X.Value</code>, or <code>Expected.X.Exists</code>. </important> <p> You can execute multiple <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> operations and other operations in parallel. However,\n        large numbers of concurrent <code>BatchPutAttributes</code> calls can result in Service Unavailable (503) responses. </p> <p> The following limitations are enforced for this operation: <ul> <li>256\n        attribute name-value pairs per item</li> <li>1 MB request size</li> <li>1 billion attributes per domain</li> <li>10 GB of total user data storage per domain</li> <li>25 item limit per <code>BatchPutAttributes</code>\n        operation</li> </ul> </p>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: NoSuchDomain\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n\
  \              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NoSuchDomain'\n        '409':\n          description: NumberSubmittedAttributesExceeded\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NumberSubmittedAttributesExceeded'\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          text/xml:\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/BatchPutAttributesRequest'\n      parameters:\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - BatchPutAttributes\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon P O S T_ Batch Put Attributes\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /#Action=CreateDomain:\n    get:\n      x-aws-operation-name:\
  \ CreateDomain\n      operationId: GET_CreateDomain\n      description: '<p> The <code>CreateDomain</code> operation creates a new domain. The domain name should be unique among the domains associated with the Access Key ID provided in the request. The <code>CreateDomain</code>\n        operation may take 10 or more seconds to complete. </p> <note> CreateDomain is an idempotent operation; running it multiple times using the same domain name will not result in an error response.\n        </note> <p> The client can create up to 100 domains per account. </p> <p> If the client requires additional domains, go to <a href=\"http://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/simpledb-limit-request/\"> http://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/simpledb-limit-request/</a>.\n        </p>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: MissingParameter\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n              \
  \  $ref: '#/components/schemas/MissingParameter'\n        '409':\n          description: NumberDomainsExceeded\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NumberDomainsExceeded'\n      parameters:\n      - name: DomainName\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: 'The name of the domain to create. The name can range between 3 and 255 characters and can contain the following characters: a-z, A-Z, 0-9, ''_'', ''-'', and ''.''.'\n        schema:\n          type: string\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - CreateDomain\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon G E T_ Create Domain\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher:\
  \ FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/AWSAccessKeyId'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Action'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureMethod'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureVersion'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Timestamp'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Version'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Signature'\n    post:\n      x-aws-operation-name: CreateDomain\n      operationId: POST_CreateDomain\n      description: '<p> The <code>CreateDomain</code> operation creates a new domain. The domain name should be unique among the domains associated with the Access Key ID provided in the request. The <code>CreateDomain</code>\n        operation may take 10 or more seconds to complete. </p> <note> CreateDomain is an idempotent operation; running it multiple times using the same domain name will not result in an error response.\n        </note> <p> The client can create up to 100 domains per account. </p> <p> If the client\
  \ requires additional domains, go to <a href=\"http://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/simpledb-limit-request/\"> http://aws.amazon.com/contact-us/simpledb-limit-request/</a>.\n        </p>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: MissingParameter\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/MissingParameter'\n        '409':\n          description: NumberDomainsExceeded\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NumberDomainsExceeded'\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          text/xml:\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/CreateDomainRequest'\n      parameters:\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - CreateDomain\n\
  \      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon P O S T_ Create Domain\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /#Action=DeleteAttributes:\n    get:\n      x-aws-operation-name: DeleteAttributes\n      operationId: GET_DeleteAttributes\n      description: '<p> Deletes one or more attributes associated with an item. If all attributes of the item are deleted, the item is deleted. </p> <note> If <code>DeleteAttributes</code> is called without\n        being passed any attributes or values specified, all the attributes for the item are deleted. </note> <p> <code>DeleteAttributes</code> is an idempotent operation; running it multiple times on the\n        same item or attribute does not result in an error response. </p> <p> Because Amazon SimpleDB makes multiple copies of item data and uses an eventual consistency update model, performing\
  \ a <a>GetAttributes</a>\n        or <a>Select</a> operation (read) immediately after a <code>DeleteAttributes</code> or <a>PutAttributes</a> operation (write) might not return updated item data. </p>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: NoSuchDomain\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NoSuchDomain'\n        '404':\n          description: AttributeDoesNotExist\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/AttributeDoesNotExist'\n      parameters:\n      - name: DomainName\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: The name of the domain in which to perform the operation.\n        schema:\n          type: string\n      - name: ItemName\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description:\
  \ 'The name of the item. Similar to rows on a spreadsheet, items represent individual objects that contain one or more value-attribute pairs.'\n        schema:\n          type: string\n      - name: Attributes\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: 'A list of Attributes. Similar to columns on a spreadsheet, attributes represent categories of data that can be assigned to items.'\n        schema:\n          type: array\n          items:\n            allOf:\n            - $ref: '#/components/schemas/DeletableAttribute'\n            - xml:\n                name: Attribute\n          xml:\n            wrapped: false\n      - name: Expected\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: 'The update condition which, if specified, determines whether the specified attributes will be deleted or not. The update condition must be satisfied in order for this request to be\n          processed and the attributes to be deleted.'\n        schema:\n       \
  \   type: object\n          properties:\n            Name:\n              allOf:\n              - $ref: '#/components/schemas/String'\n              - description: The name of the attribute involved in the condition.\n            Value:\n              allOf:\n              - $ref: '#/components/schemas/String'\n              - description: The value of an attribute. This value can only be specified when the <code>Exists</code> parameter is equal to <code>true</code>.\n            Exists:\n              allOf:\n              - $ref: '#/components/schemas/Boolean'\n              - description: A value specifying whether or not the specified attribute must exist with the specified value in order for the update condition to be satisfied. Specify <code>true</code> \n                  if the attribute must exist for the update condition to be satisfied. Specify <code>false</code> if the attribute should not exist in order for the update condition to be satisfied.\n          description: ' Specifies\
  \ the conditions under which data should be updated. If an update condition is specified for a request, the data will only be updated if the condition is satisfied. For\n            example, if an attribute with a specific name and value exists, or if a specific attribute doesn''t exist. '\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - DeleteAttributes\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon G E T_ Delete Attributes\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/AWSAccessKeyId'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Action'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureMethod'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureVersion'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Timestamp'\n  \
  \  - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Version'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Signature'\n    post:\n      x-aws-operation-name: DeleteAttributes\n      operationId: POST_DeleteAttributes\n      description: '<p> Deletes one or more attributes associated with an item. If all attributes of the item are deleted, the item is deleted. </p> <note> If <code>DeleteAttributes</code> is called without\n        being passed any attributes or values specified, all the attributes for the item are deleted. </note> <p> <code>DeleteAttributes</code> is an idempotent operation; running it multiple times on the\n        same item or attribute does not result in an error response. </p> <p> Because Amazon SimpleDB makes multiple copies of item data and uses an eventual consistency update model, performing a <a>GetAttributes</a>\n        or <a>Select</a> operation (read) immediately after a <code>DeleteAttributes</code> or <a>PutAttributes</a> operation (write) might not return updated item data. </p>'\n\
  \      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: NoSuchDomain\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/NoSuchDomain'\n        '404':\n          description: AttributeDoesNotExist\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/AttributeDoesNotExist'\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          text/xml:\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/DeleteAttributesRequest'\n      parameters:\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - DeleteAttributes\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon P\
  \ O S T_ Delete Attributes\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /#Action=DeleteDomain:\n    get:\n      x-aws-operation-name: DeleteDomain\n      operationId: GET_DeleteDomain\n      description: <p> The <code>DeleteDomain</code> operation deletes a domain. Any items (and their attributes) in the domain are deleted as well. The <code>DeleteDomain</code> operation might take \n        10 or more seconds to complete. </p> <note> Running <code>DeleteDomain</code> on a domain that does not exist or running the function multiple times using the same domain name will not result \n        in an error response. </note>\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: MissingParameter\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/MissingParameter'\n      parameters:\n      - name: DomainName\n      \
  \  in: query\n        required: true\n        description: The name of the domain to delete.\n        schema:\n          type: string\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - DeleteDomain\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon G E T_ Delete Domain\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/AWSAccessKeyId'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Action'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureMethod'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/SignatureVersion'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Timestamp'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Version'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/Signature'\n    post:\n      x-aws-operation-name: DeleteDomain\n      operationId:\
  \ POST_DeleteDomain\n      description: <p> The <code>DeleteDomain</code> operation deletes a domain. Any items (and their attributes) in the domain are deleted as well. The <code>DeleteDomain</code> operation might take \n        10 or more seconds to complete. </p> <note> Running <code>DeleteDomain</code> on a domain that does not exist or running the function multiple times using the same domain name will not result \n        in an error response. </note>\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n        '400':\n          description: MissingParameter\n          x-aws-exception: true\n          content:\n            text/xml:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/MissingParameter'\n      requestBody:\n        content:\n          text/xml:\n            schema:\n              $ref: '#/components/schemas/DeleteDomainRequest'\n      parameters:\n      - name: Action\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n     \
  \     type: string\n          enum:\n          - DeleteDomain\n      - name: Version\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - '2009-04-15'\n      summary: Amazon P O S T_ Delete Domain\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /#Action=DomainMetadata:\n    get:\n      x-aws-operation-name: DomainMetadat\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (77 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-simpledb/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-simpledb.yaml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-simpledb/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-simpledb.yaml
tags:
- Data Storage
- Database
- NoSQL
---
