---
aid: amazon-codeartifact:amazon-codeartifact-api
baseURL: https://codeartifact.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
description: The Amazon CodeArtifact REST API enables programmatic management of artifact repositories, domains, packages, and package versions. Manage domains and repositories, control permissions policies, publish and copy package versions, retrieve authorization tokens, and manage external connections to public package registries such as npmjs, PyPI, Maven Central, NuGet Gallery, and RubyGems.
humanURL: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html
image: ''
layout: api
name: Amazon CodeArtifact API
properties:
- type: Documentation
  url: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/welcome.html
- type: APIReference
  url: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-codeartifact/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-codeartifact-openapi-original.yaml
- type: JSONSchema
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-codeartifact/refs/heads/main/json-schema/codeartifact-domain-description-schema.json
- type: JSONSchema
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-codeartifact/refs/heads/main/json-schema/codeartifact-repository-description-schema.json
- type: JSONSchema
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-codeartifact/refs/heads/main/json-schema/codeartifact-package-version-description-schema.json
provider_name: Amazon CodeArtifact
provider_slug: amazon-codeartifact
slug: amazon-codeartifact-api
source_filename: amazon-codeartifact-openapi-original.yaml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "openapi: 3.0.0\ninfo:\n  version: '2018-09-22'\n  x-release: v4\n  title: CodeArtifact\n  description: '<p> CodeArtifact is a fully managed artifact repository compatible with language-native package managers and build tools such as npm, Apache Maven, pip, and dotnet. You can use CodeArtifact\n    to share packages with development teams and pull packages. Packages can be pulled from both public and CodeArtifact repositories. You can also create an upstream relationship between a CodeArtifact\n    repository and another repository, which effectively merges their contents from the point of view of a package manager client. </p> <p> <b>CodeArtifact Components</b> </p> <p>Use the information in\n    this guide to help you work with the following CodeArtifact components:</p> <ul> <li> <p> <b>Repository</b>: A CodeArtifact repository contains a set of <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/welcome.html#welcome-concepts-package-version\">package\n    versions</a>,\
  \ each of which maps to a set of assets, or files. Repositories are polyglot, so a single repository can contain packages of any supported type. Each repository exposes endpoints for fetching\n    and publishing packages using tools like the <b> <code>npm</code> </b> CLI, the Maven CLI (<b> <code>mvn</code> </b>), Python CLIs (<b> <code>pip</code> </b> and <code>twine</code>), and NuGet CLIs\n    (<code>nuget</code> and <code>dotnet</code>).</p> </li> <li> <p> <b>Domain</b>: Repositories are aggregated into a higher-level entity known as a <i>domain</i>. All package assets and metadata are stored\n    in the domain, but are consumed through repositories. A given package asset, such as a Maven JAR file, is stored once per domain, no matter how many repositories it''s present in. All of the assets\n    and metadata in a domain are encrypted with the same customer master key (CMK) stored in Key Management Service (KMS).</p> <p>Each repository is a member of a single domain and can''t be moved\
  \ to a\n    different domain.</p> <p>The domain allows organizational policy to be applied across multiple repositories, such as which accounts can access repositories in the domain, and which public repositories\n    can be used as sources of packages.</p> <p>Although an organization can have multiple domains, we recommend a single production domain that contains all published artifacts so that teams can find and\n    share packages across their organization.</p> </li> <li> <p> <b>Package</b>: A <i>package</i> is a bundle of software and the metadata required to resolve dependencies and install the software. CodeArtifact\n    supports <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/using-npm.html\">npm</a>, <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/using-python.html\">PyPI</a>, <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/using-maven\">Maven</a>,\n    and <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/ug/using-nuget\">NuGet</a>\
  \ package formats.</p> <p>In CodeArtifact, a package consists of:</p> <ul> <li> <p>A <i>name</i> (for example, <code>webpack</code>\n    is the name of a popular npm package)</p> </li> <li> <p>An optional namespace (for example, <code>@types</code> in <code>@types/node</code>)</p> </li> <li> <p>A set of versions (for example, <code>1.0.0</code>,\n    <code>1.0.1</code>, <code>1.0.2</code>, etc.)</p> </li> <li> <p> Package-level metadata (for example, npm tags)</p> </li> </ul> </li> <li> <p> <b>Package version</b>: A version of a package, such as\n    <code>@types/node 12.6.9</code>. The version number format and semantics vary for different package formats. For example, npm package versions must conform to the <a href=\"https://semver.org/\">Semantic\n    Versioning specification</a>. In CodeArtifact, a package version consists of the version identifier, metadata at the package version level, and a set of assets.</p> </li> <li> <p> <b>Upstream repository</b>:\n    One repository is <i>upstream</i>\
  \ of another when the package versions in it can be accessed from the repository endpoint of the downstream repository, effectively merging the contents of the two repositories\n    from the point of view of a client. CodeArtifact allows creating an upstream relationship between two repositories.</p> </li> <li> <p> <b>Asset</b>: An individual file stored in CodeArtifact associated\n    with a package version, such as an npm <code>.tgz</code> file or Maven POM and JAR files.</p> </li> </ul> <p>CodeArtifact supports these operations:</p> <ul> <li> <p> <code>AssociateExternalConnection</code>:\n    Adds an existing external connection to a repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>CopyPackageVersions</code>: Copies package versions from one repository to another repository in the same domain.</p>\n    </li> <li> <p> <code>CreateDomain</code>: Creates a domain</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>CreateRepository</code>: Creates a CodeArtifact repository in a domain. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DeleteDomain</code>:\n\
  \    Deletes a domain. You cannot delete a domain that contains repositories. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DeleteDomainPermissionsPolicy</code>: Deletes the resource policy that is set on a domain.</p> </li>\n    <li> <p> <code>DeletePackage</code>: Deletes a package and all associated package versions.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DeletePackageVersions</code>: Deletes versions of a package. After a package has\n    been deleted, it can be republished, but its assets and metadata cannot be restored because they have been permanently removed from storage.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DeleteRepository</code>: Deletes\n    a repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DeleteRepositoryPermissionsPolicy</code>: Deletes the resource policy that is set on a repository.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DescribeDomain</code>: Returns a <code>DomainDescription</code>\n    object that contains information about the requested domain.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DescribePackage</code>: Returns a <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/APIReference/API_PackageDescription.html\"\
  >PackageDescription</a>\n    object that contains details about a package. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DescribePackageVersion</code>: Returns a <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/latest/APIReference/API_PackageVersionDescription.html\">PackageVersionDescription</a>\n    object that contains details about a package version. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DescribeRepository</code>: Returns a <code>RepositoryDescription</code> object that contains detailed information about\n    the requested repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DisposePackageVersions</code>: Disposes versions of a package. A package version with the status <code>Disposed</code> cannot be restored because\n    they have been permanently removed from storage.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>DisassociateExternalConnection</code>: Removes an existing external connection from a repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>GetAuthorizationToken</code>:\n    Generates a temporary authorization token for accessing repositories in the\
  \ domain. The token expires the authorization period has passed. The default authorization period is 12 hours and can be customized\n    to any length with a maximum of 12 hours.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>GetDomainPermissionsPolicy</code>: Returns the policy of a resource that is attached to the specified domain. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>GetPackageVersionAsset</code>:\n    Returns the contents of an asset that is in a package version. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>GetPackageVersionReadme</code>: Gets the readme file or descriptive text for a package version.</p> </li> <li>\n    <p> <code>GetRepositoryEndpoint</code>: Returns the endpoint of a repository for a specific package format. A repository has one endpoint for each package format: </p> <ul> <li> <p> <code>maven</code>\n    </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>npm</code> </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>nuget</code> </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>pypi</code> </p> </li> </ul> </li> <li> <p> <code>GetRepositoryPermissionsPolicy</code>: Returns\n    the resource\
  \ policy that is set on a repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>ListDomains</code>: Returns a list of <code>DomainSummary</code> objects. Each returned <code>DomainSummary</code> object contains\n    information about a domain.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>ListPackages</code>: Lists the packages in a repository.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>ListPackageVersionAssets</code>: Lists the assets for a given package\n    version.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>ListPackageVersionDependencies</code>: Returns a list of the direct dependencies for a package version. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>ListPackageVersions</code>: Returns\n    a list of package versions for a specified package in a repository.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>ListRepositories</code>: Returns a list of repositories owned by the Amazon Web Services account that called\n    this method.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>ListRepositoriesInDomain</code>: Returns a list of the repositories in a domain.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>PublishPackageVersion</code>: Creates\
  \ a new package version\n    containing one or more assets.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>PutDomainPermissionsPolicy</code>: Attaches a resource policy to a domain.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>PutPackageOriginConfiguration</code>: Sets\n    the package origin configuration for a package, which determine how new versions of the package can be added to a specific repository.</p> </li> <li> <p> <code>PutRepositoryPermissionsPolicy</code>:\n    Sets the resource policy on a repository that specifies permissions to access it. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>UpdatePackageVersionsStatus</code>: Updates the status of one or more versions of a package.</p>\n    </li> <li> <p> <code>UpdateRepository</code>: Updates the properties of a repository.</p> </li> </ul>'\n  x-logo:\n    url: 'https://twitter.com/awscloud/profile_image?size=original'\n    backgroundColor: '#FFFFFF'\n  termsOfService: 'https://aws.amazon.com/service-terms/'\n  contact:\n    name: Mike Ralphson\n    email: mike.ralphson@gmail.com\n    url:\
  \ 'https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi'\n    x-twitter: PermittedSoc\n  license:\n    name: Apache 2.0 License\n    url: 'http://www.apache.org/licenses/'\n  x-providerName: amazonaws.com\n  x-serviceName: codeartifact\n  x-aws-signingName: codeartifact\n  x-origin:\n  - contentType: application/json\n    url: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aws/aws-sdk-js/master/apis/codeartifact-2018-09-22.normal.json'\n    converter:\n      url: 'https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi'\n      version: 1.0.0\n    x-apisguru-driver: external\n  x-apiClientRegistration:\n    url: 'https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html?nc2=h_ct'\n  x-apisguru-categories:\n  - cloud\n  x-preferred: true\nexternalDocs:\n  description: Amazon Web Services documentation\n  url: 'https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codeartifact/'\nservers:\n- url: 'http://codeartifact.{region}.amazonaws.com'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - us-east-1\n      - us-east-2\n\
  \      - us-west-1\n      - us-west-2\n      - us-gov-west-1\n      - us-gov-east-1\n      - ca-central-1\n      - eu-north-1\n      - eu-west-1\n      - eu-west-2\n      - eu-west-3\n      - eu-central-1\n      - eu-south-1\n      - af-south-1\n      - ap-northeast-1\n      - ap-northeast-2\n      - ap-northeast-3\n      - ap-southeast-1\n      - ap-southeast-2\n      - ap-east-1\n      - ap-south-1\n      - sa-east-1\n      - me-south-1\n      default: us-east-1\n  description: The CodeArtifact multi-region endpoint\n- url: 'https://codeartifact.{region}.amazonaws.com'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - us-east-1\n      - us-east-2\n      - us-west-1\n      - us-west-2\n      - us-gov-west-1\n      - us-gov-east-1\n      - ca-central-1\n      - eu-north-1\n      - eu-west-1\n      - eu-west-2\n      - eu-west-3\n      - eu-central-1\n      - eu-south-1\n      - af-south-1\n      - ap-northeast-1\n      - ap-northeast-2\n      - ap-northeast-3\n\
  \      - ap-southeast-1\n      - ap-southeast-2\n      - ap-east-1\n      - ap-south-1\n      - sa-east-1\n      - me-south-1\n      default: us-east-1\n  description: The CodeArtifact multi-region endpoint\n- url: 'http://codeartifact.{region}.amazonaws.com.cn'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - cn-north-1\n      - cn-northwest-1\n      default: cn-north-1\n  description: The CodeArtifact endpoint for China (Beijing) and China (Ningxia)\n- url: 'https://codeartifact.{region}.amazonaws.com.cn'\n  variables:\n    region:\n      description: The AWS region\n      enum:\n      - cn-north-1\n      - cn-northwest-1\n      default: cn-north-1\n  description: The CodeArtifact endpoint for China (Beijing) and China (Ningxia)\nx-hasEquivalentPaths: true\npaths:\n  /v1/repository/external-connection#domain&repository&external-connection:\n    post:\n      operationId: AssociateExternalConnection\n      description: '<p>Adds an existing external connection\
  \ to a repository. One external connection is allowed per repository.</p> <note> <p>A repository can have one or more upstream repositories, or\n        an external connection.</p> </note>'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/AssociateExternalConnectionResult'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection200Example:\n                  summary: Default AssociateExternalConnection 200 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\n                    repository: my-repo\n        '480':\n          description: AccessDeniedException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/AccessDeniedException'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection480Example:\n                  summary: Default\
  \ AssociateExternalConnection 480 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '481':\n          description: ConflictException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ConflictException'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection481Example:\n                  summary: Default AssociateExternalConnection 481 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '482':\n          description: InternalServerException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/InternalServerException'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection482Example:\n                  summary: Default AssociateExternalConnection 482 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\
  \ example-value\n        '483':\n          description: ResourceNotFoundException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ResourceNotFoundException'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection483Example:\n                  summary: Default AssociateExternalConnection 483 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '484':\n          description: ServiceQuotaExceededException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ServiceQuotaExceededException'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection484Example:\n                  summary: Default AssociateExternalConnection 484 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '485':\n          description: ThrottlingException\n      \
  \    content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ThrottlingException'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection485Example:\n                  summary: Default AssociateExternalConnection 485 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '486':\n          description: ValidationException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ValidationException'\n              examples:\n                AssociateExternalConnection486Example:\n                  summary: Default AssociateExternalConnection 486 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: '500123'\n      parameters:\n      - name: domain\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: The name of the domain that contains the repository.\n        schema:\n         \
  \ type: string\n          pattern: '[a-z][a-z0-9\\-]{0,48}[a-z0-9]'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 50\n      - name: domain-owner\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: ' The 12-digit account number of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the domain. It does not include dashes or spaces. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[0-9]{12}'\n          minLength: 12\n          maxLength: 12\n      - name: repository\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: ' The name of the repository to which the external connection is added. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[A-Za-z0-9][A-Za-z0-9._\\-]{1,99}'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 100\n      - name: external-connection\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: '<p> The name of the external connection to add to the repository. The following values are supported: </p> <ul> <li> <p> <code>public:npmjs</code>\
  \ - for the npm public repository.\n          </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>public:nuget-org</code> - for the NuGet Gallery. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>public:pypi</code> - for the Python Package Index. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>public:maven-central</code>\n          - for Maven Central. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>public:maven-googleandroid</code> - for the Google Android repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>public:maven-gradleplugins</code> - for the Gradle\n          plugins repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>public:maven-commonsware</code> - for the CommonsWare Android repository. </p> </li> <li> <p> <code>public:maven-clojars</code> - for the Clojars\n          repository. </p> </li> </ul>'\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[A-Za-z0-9][A-Za-z0-9._\\-:]{1,99}'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 100\n      summary: Amazon CodeArtifact Associate External Connection\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n    parameters:\n\
  \    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Content-Sha256'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Date'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Algorithm'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Credential'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Security-Token'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/X-Amz-Signature'\n    - $ref: '#/components/parameters/X-Amz-SignedHeaders'\n    delete:\n      operationId: DisassociateExternalConnection\n      description: ' Removes an existing external connection from a repository. '\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/DisassociateExternalConnectionResult'\n              examples:\n                DisassociateExternalConnection200Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 200 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\n\
  \                    repository: my-repo\n        '480':\n          description: AccessDeniedException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/AccessDeniedException'\n              examples:\n                DisassociateExternalConnection480Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 480 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '481':\n          description: ConflictException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ConflictException'\n              examples:\n                DisassociateExternalConnection481Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 481 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '482':\n          description: InternalServerException\n\
  \          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/InternalServerException'\n              examples:\n                DisassociateExternalConnection482Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 482 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '483':\n          description: ResourceNotFoundException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ResourceNotFoundException'\n              examples:\n                DisassociateExternalConnection483Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 483 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '484':\n          description: ServiceQuotaExceededException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n  \
  \              $ref: '#/components/schemas/ServiceQuotaExceededException'\n              examples:\n                DisassociateExternalConnection484Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 484 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '485':\n          description: ThrottlingException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ThrottlingException'\n              examples:\n                DisassociateExternalConnection485Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 485 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '486':\n          description: ValidationException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ValidationException'\n              examples:\n   \
  \             DisassociateExternalConnection486Example:\n                  summary: Default DisassociateExternalConnection 486 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: '500123'\n      parameters:\n      - name: domain\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: 'The name of the domain that contains the repository from which to remove the external repository. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[a-z][a-z0-9\\-]{0,48}[a-z0-9]'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 50\n      - name: domain-owner\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: ' The 12-digit account number of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the domain. It does not include dashes or spaces. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[0-9]{12}'\n          minLength: 12\n          maxLength: 12\n      - name: repository\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description:\
  \ 'The name of the repository from which the external connection will be removed. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[A-Za-z0-9][A-Za-z0-9._\\-]{1,99}'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 100\n      - name: external-connection\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: 'The name of the external connection to be removed from the repository. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[A-Za-z0-9][A-Za-z0-9._\\-:]{1,99}'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 100\n      summary: Amazon CodeArtifact Disassociate External Connection\n      x-microcks-operation:\n        delay: 0\n        dispatcher: FALLBACK\n  /v1/package/versions/copy#domain&source-repository&destination-repository&format&package:\n    post:\n      operationId: CopyPackageVersions\n      description: <p> Copies package versions from one repository to another repository in the same domain. </p> <note> <p> You must specify <code>versions</code>\
  \ or <code>versionRevisions</code>. \n        You cannot specify both. </p> </note>\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/CopyPackageVersionsResult'\n              examples:\n                CopyPackageVersions200Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 200 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value:\n                    successfulVersions: 1.0.0\n                    failedVersions: 1.0.0\n        '480':\n          description: AccessDeniedException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/AccessDeniedException'\n              examples:\n                CopyPackageVersions480Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 480 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n          \
  \        value: example-value\n        '481':\n          description: ConflictException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ConflictException'\n              examples:\n                CopyPackageVersions481Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 481 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '482':\n          description: InternalServerException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/InternalServerException'\n              examples:\n                CopyPackageVersions482Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 482 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '483':\n          description: ResourceNotFoundException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n\
  \              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ResourceNotFoundException'\n              examples:\n                CopyPackageVersions483Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 483 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '484':\n          description: ServiceQuotaExceededException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ServiceQuotaExceededException'\n              examples:\n                CopyPackageVersions484Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 484 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '485':\n          description: ThrottlingException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ThrottlingException'\n              examples:\n      \
  \          CopyPackageVersions485Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 485 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: example-value\n        '486':\n          description: ValidationException\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ValidationException'\n              examples:\n                CopyPackageVersions486Example:\n                  summary: Default CopyPackageVersions 486 response\n                  x-microcks-default: true\n                  value: '500123'\n      parameters:\n      - name: domain\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: ' The name of the domain that contains the source and destination repositories. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[a-z][a-z0-9\\-]{0,48}[a-z0-9]'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 50\n      - name: domain-owner\n        in: query\n    \
  \    required: false\n        description: ' The 12-digit account number of the Amazon Web Services account that owns the domain. It does not include dashes or spaces. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[0-9]{12}'\n          minLength: 12\n          maxLength: 12\n      - name: source-repository\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: ' The name of the repository that contains the package versions to be copied. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[A-Za-z0-9][A-Za-z0-9._\\-]{1,99}'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 100\n      - name: destination-repository\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: ' The name of the repository into which package versions are copied. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[A-Za-z0-9][A-Za-z0-9._\\-]{1,99}'\n          minLength: 2\n          maxLength: 100\n      - name: format\n        in: query\n        required: true\n\
  \        description: ' The format of the package versions to be copied. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n          - npm\n          - pypi\n          - maven\n          - nuget\n          - generic\n      - name: namespace\n        in: query\n        required: false\n        description: '<p>The namespace of the package versions to be copied. The package version component that specifies its namespace depends on its type. For example:</p> <ul> <li> <p> The namespace\n          of a Maven package version is its <code>groupId</code>. The namespace is required when copying Maven package versions. </p> </li> <li> <p> The namespace of an npm package version is its <code>scope</code>.\n          </p> </li> <li> <p> Python and NuGet package versions do not contain a corresponding component, package versions of those formats do not have a namespace. </p> </li> <li> <p> The namespace of\n          a generic package is its <code>namespace</code>. </p> </li> </ul>'\n \
  \       schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[^#/\\s]+'\n          minLength: 1\n          maxLength: 255\n      - name: package\n        in: query\n        required: true\n        description: ' The name of the package that contains the versions to be copied. '\n        schema:\n          type: string\n          pattern: '[^#/\\s]+'\n          minLength: 1\n          maxLength: 255\n      requestBody:\n        required: true\n        content:\n          application/json:\n            schema:\n              type: object\n              properties:\n                versions:\n                  description: <p> The versions of the package to be copied. </p> <note> <p> You must specify <code>versions</code> or <code>versionRevisions</code>. You cannot specify both. </p> \n                    </note>\n                  type: array\n                  items:\n                    $ref: '#/components/schemas/PackageVersion'\n                  maxItems: 100\n                versionRevisions:\n\
  \                  description: <p> A list of key-value pairs. The keys are package versions and the values are package version revisions. A <code>CopyPackageVersion</code> operation succeeds if the \n                    specified versions in the source repository match the specified package version revision. </p> <note> <p> You must specify <code>versions</code> or <code>versionRevisions</code>. \n                    You cannot specify both. </p> </note>\n                  type: object\n                  additionalProperties:\n                    $ref: '#/components/schemas/PackageVersionRevision'\n                allowOverwrite:\n                  description: ' Set to true to overwrite a package version that already exists in the destination repository. If set to false and the package version already exists in the destination repository,\n                    the package version is returned in the <code>failedVersions</code> field of the response with an <code>ALREADY_EXISTS</code> error\
  \ code. '\n                  type: boolean\n                includeFromUpstream:\n                  description: ' Set to true to copy packages from repositories that are upstream from the source repository to the destination repository. The default setting is false. For more i\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (303 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-codeartifact/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-codeartifact-openapi-original.yaml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/amazon-codeartifact/refs/heads/main/openapi/amazon-codeartifact-openapi-original.yaml
tags:
- Amazon
- AWS
- Artifact Repository
- Package Management
- REST API
---
