---
aid: docusign:docusign-api
baseURL: https://demo.docusign.net/restapi
description: The Docusign eSignature REST API provides a powerful, convenient, and simple web services API for interacting with Docusign. It enables developers to integrate electronic signing capabilities directly into applications and websites, allowing businesses to send, sign, and manage documents securely and efficiently with support for sequential and parallel signing workflows, document management, templates, and real-time status tracking.
humanURL: https://developers.docusign.com/docs/esign-rest-api/
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Docusign eSignature REST API
properties:
- type: Documentation
  url: https://developers.docusign.com/docs/esign-rest-api/reference/
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/docusign/refs/heads/main/openapi/docusign-openapi-original.yml
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/docusign/refs/heads/main/openapi/docusign-esignature-openapi.yml
- type: AsyncAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/docusign/refs/heads/main/asyncapi/docusign-connect-asyncapi.yml
- type: JSONSchema
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/docusign/refs/heads/main/json-schema/docusign-envelope-schema.json
- type: JSONLD
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/docusign/refs/heads/main/json-ld/docusign-context.jsonld
- type: GettingStarted
  url: https://developers.docusign.com/docs/esign-rest-api/esign101/
- type: Tutorials
  url: https://developers.docusign.com/docs/esign-rest-api/how-to/
- type: RateLimits
  url: https://developers.docusign.com/docs/esign-rest-api/esign101/rules-and-limits/
- type: SDK
  url: https://developers.docusign.com/docs/esign-rest-api/sdks/
provider_name: Docusign
provider_slug: docusign
slug: docusign-api
source_filename: docusign-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "openapi: 3.0.1\ninfo:\n  title: DocuSign REST API\n  description: \"The DocuSign REST API provides you with a powerful, convenient, and simple Web services API for interacting with DocuSign.\"\n  termsOfService: https://www.docusign.com/company/terms-and-conditions/web\n  contact:\n    name: DocuSign Developer Center\n    url: https://developers.docusign.com/\n    email: devcenter@docusign.com\n  version: v2\nexternalDocs:\n  description: See the DocuSign REST API Guide for more information.\n  url: https://docs.docusign.com/esign\nservers:\n  - url: https://www.docusign.net/restapi\ntags:\n  - name: AccountBrands\n    description: |-\n      The AcccountBrands resource provides methods that allow you to create and delete the account brand associated with an account.\n\n      Branding allows you to add the look and feel of your organization's\n      brand to the sending, signing, and email process making it easier for users to identify envelopes coming from your organization.\n\
  \n      The DocuSign Account Custom Branding feature lets you set the colors, logo, and text for your account. You can create any number of brand profiles with different settings to reflect each of your corporate brands or different internal divisions or departments.\n\n      When you create or change a branding profile, it applies to everyone using that profile and affects all envelopes sent with that profile.\n  - name: AccountConsumerDisclosures\n    description: The AccountConsumerDisclosures resource provides methods that allow you to retrieve the consumer disclosures associated with the account.\n  - name: AccountCustomFields\n    description: \"The CustomFields resource provides a method that enables you to retrieve the custom fields associated with an account.\\n\\nThese fields can be used with your account's envelopes to record information about the envelopes. The fields can be searched to find matching envelopes and track information. \\n\\nThe envelope custom fields are shown\
  \ in the DocuSign member console's Envelope Settings section when a user creates an envelope. The envelope custom fields are not seen by envelope recipients.\\n\\nThere are two types of envelope custom fields, text and list. A text custom field lets the sender enter the value for the field. The list custom field lets the sender select the value of the field from a pre-determined list.\"\n  - name: AccountPasswordRules\n    description: \"The AccountPasswordRules resource provides methods that allow you to obtain and update account password rules, as well as membership and account rules.\"\n  - name: AccountPermissionProfiles\n    description: |\n      The AccountPermissionProfiles resource provides methods that allow you to manage permission profiles.\n  - name: Accounts\n    description: \"The Accounts resource provides methods that allow you to create, delete, and manage your accounts.\"\n  - name: AccountSealProviders\n    description: \"\"\n  - name: AccountSignatureProviders\n   \
  \ description: This resource provides information on the Standards Based Signature providers that have been provisioned for this account.\n  - name: AccountTabSettings\n    description: |\n      The AccountTabSettings resource provides methods that allow you to manage\n      tab settings for an account.\n  - name: AccountWatermarks\n    description: \"The AccountWatermarks resource provides methods that allow you to obtain, preview and update watermark information.\"\n  - name: Authentication\n    description: |\n      **Note:**  This information is provided for legacy reference only. Please see our supported forms of authentication referenced below and use our [REST API Authentication Guides](https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/guides/authentication) for more information.\n\n      The Authentication resource provides access to methods that allow you to authenticate user credentials and change a user's password.\n\n      The methods in this resource are suitable\n      only\
  \ for [service integrations](https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/guides/common-terms)\n      that use [Legacy Header Authentication](https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/guides/authentication/legacy).\n      For authentication methods for\n      [user applications](https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/guides/common-terms)\n      and to learn more about\n      DocuSign authentication\n      see [Authentication Overview](https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/guides/authentication).\n\n      When accessing the API resources\n      and Legacy Header Authentication,\n      the GET [Authentication:login method](https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/reference/Authentication/Authentication/login) allows you to determine whether a user is authenticated and provides the information you will need to make subsequent API requests.\n  - name: BillingPlans\n    description: \"The Billing resource provides methods that allow you to manage the billing plans,associated\
  \ with an account.\"\n  - name: ChunkedUploads\n    description: \"The ChunkedUploads resource provides methods to complete integrity checks, and to add, commit, retrieve, initiate and delete chunked uploads.\"\n  - name: CloudStorage\n    description: The CloudStorage resource provides methods that allow you to list files stored on your cloud storage provider.\n  - name: CloudStorageProviders\n    description: |-\n      The CloudStorageProviders resource provides methods that allow you to manage the cloud storage providers associate with an account.\n\n      The following providers are supported:\n\n      * Google Drive\n      * Dropbox\n      * Box\n      * Evernote\n      * OneDrive\n\n      To use cloud storage files, you must first give DocuSign access to your cloud storage provider. You can disconnect authorized a cloud storage provider at any time.\n  - name: Comments\n    description: \"\"\n  - name: ConnectConfigurations\n    description: The ConnectConfigurations resource methods\
  \ enable you to configure the DocuSign Connect service associated with an account.\n  - name: ConnectEvents\n    description: \"The ConnectEvents resource provides methods that allow you to read, delete, and republish the connect logs associated with an envelope.\"\n  - name: ConnectSecret\n    description: \"\"\n  - name: Contacts\n    description: |\n      The Contacts resource provides methods that allow you to manage contacts.\n  - name: CustomTabs\n    description: |-\n      The CustomTabs resource provides methods that allow you create and manage custom tabs based on the existing DocuSign tabs.\n\n      You can create a tab with pre-defined properties, such as a text tab with a certain font type and validation pattern. Users can access the custom tabs when sending documents through the DocuSign web application.\n\n      Custom tabs can be created based on the  approve, checkbox, company, date, date signed, decline, email, email address, envelope ID, first name, formula, full name,\
  \ initial here, last name, list, note, number, radio, sign here, signer attachment, SSN, text, title, and zip tabs.\n  - name: DocumentResponsiveHtmlPreview\n    description: \"\"\n  - name: ENoteConfigurations\n    description: |\n      The ENoteConfigurations resource provides methods that allow you to manage\n      information for the eNote eOriginal integration.\n  - name: EnvelopeAttachments\n    description: |\n      The EnvelopeAttachments resource provides methods that allow you to manage attachments.\n  - name: EnvelopeConsumerDisclosures\n    description: The EnvelopeConsumerDisclosures resource provides a method that allows you to retrieve the consumer disclosure for an envelope.\n  - name: EnvelopeCustomFields\n    description: \"The EnvelopeCustomFields resource provides methods that allow you manage custom fields in an envelope. \\n\\nCustom fields can be used in the envelopes for your account to record information about the envelope, help search for envelopes and track information.\
  \ The envelope custom fields are shown in the Envelope Settings section when a user is creating an envelope in the DocuSign member console. The envelope custom fields are not seen by the envelope recipients.\\n\\nThere are two types of envelope custom fields, text and list. A text custom field lets the sender enter the value for the field. With a list custom field, the sender selects the value of the field from a pre-made list.\"\n  - name: EnvelopeDocumentFields\n    description: \"The EnvelopeDocumentFields resource provides methods that allow you to manage custom fields on a document.\\n\\nYou can create custom versions of standard fields that combine of field properties, such as font type or size, or a validation setting. \\n\\nNote: Some advanced features and options are supported only in certain DocuSign plans. Your account plan might not support some options discussed in this help topic. For more information about which options are available for your account, check your account\
  \ plan or contact your Account Manager.\"\n  - name: EnvelopeDocumentHtmlDefinitions\n    description: \"\"\n  - name: EnvelopeDocuments\n    description: \"<!-- resources aren't rendered the same way\\n     as other pages. This is a little hack to\\n     make the headings work better -->\\n<style>\\nh1, h2, h3 {\\n  margin-top: 1em;\\n}\\n</style>\\n\\nThe EnvelopeDocuments resource provides methods\\nthat manage documents in an envelope.\\nYou can:\\n* add one or more documents to the envelope\\n* retrieve one or more documents from the envelope\\n* delete documents from the envelope\\n\\nAll of the methods in this resource\\noperate on on an existing envelope.\\nBefore you can add documents\\nto an envelope,\\nyou must first create it\\nwith the [Envelopes: create][envelopescreate] method. \\n\\n\\n[envelopescreate]: https://developers.docusign.com/esign-rest-api/reference/Envelopes/Envelopes/create/\\n\\n\"\n  - name: EnvelopeDocumentTabs\n    description: The EnvelopeDocumentTabs\
  \ resource provides methods that allow you to manage various tabs in envelopes. For a complete list of options see the following Properties section.\n  - name: EnvelopeDocumentVisibility\n    description: \"The Envelope Documents Visibility resource provides methods that manage document views and insights in an envelope. \\n\"\n  - name: EnvelopeEmailSettings\n    description: |-\n      The EnvelopeEmailSettings provide methods that allow you to manage the email override settings for an envelope.\n\n      Email override settings change the reply to email address, name, or the BCC for email archive information, for the envelope. Note that changing email settings will only affect email communications that occur after the addition was made.\n\n      The BCC Email address feature is designed to provide a copy of all email communications for external archiving purposes. DocuSign recommends that envelopes sent using the BCC for Email Archive feature, including the BCC Email Override option,\
  \ include additional signer authentication options. To send a copy of the envelope to a recipient who does not need to sign, use a Carbon Copies or Certified Deliveries Recipient Type.\n  - name: EnvelopeFormData\n    description: 'The EnvelopeFormData resource provides methods that manage forms in an envelope. '\n  - name: EnvelopeHtmlDefinitions\n    description: \"\"\n  - name: EnvelopeLocks\n    description: |-\n      The EnvelopeLocks resource provides methods that allow you to manage locks on an envelope.\n\n      You can lock the envelope, and set the time until the lock expires, to prevent users or recipients from accessing and changing the envelope.\n\n      Users must have envelope locking capability enabled to use these functions.\n  - name: EnvelopeRecipients\n    description: |+\n      <!-- resources aren't rendered the same way\n           as other pages. This is a little hack to\n           make the headings work better -->\n      <style>\n      h1, h2, h3 {\n        margin-top:\
  \ 1em;\n      }\n      </style>\n\n      The EnvelopeRecipients resource allows you manage the recipients of an\n      envelope. There are seven recipient types. All types share\n      a [core set of parameters](#core-recipient-parameters).\n      Some recipient types have additional parameters.\n\n      <br>\n\n      | Recipient type | Description |\n      | :--- | :--- |\n      | [Agents](#agents-recipient) | An agent recipient can add name and email information for recipients that appear after the agent in routing order. |\n      | [Carbon Copies](#carbon-copies-recipient) | Carbon copy recipients get a copy of the envelope but don't need to sign, initial, date or add information to any of the documents. This type of recipient can be used in any routing order. Carbon copy recipients receive their copy of the envelope when the envelope reaches the recipient's order in the process flow and when the envelope is completed. |\n      | [Certified Deliveries](#certified-deliveries-recipient)\
  \ | Certified delivery recipients must receive the completed documents for the envelope to be completed. However, they don't need to sign, initial, date or add information to any of the documents. |\n      | [Editors](#editors-recipient) | Editors have the same management and access rights for the envelope as the sender. They can make changes to the envelope as if they were using the Advanced Correct feature. This recipient can add name and email information, add or change the routing order and set authentication options for the remaining recipients. Additionally, this recipient can edit signature/initial tabs and data fields for the remaining recipients. The recipient must have a DocuSign account to be an editor. |\n      | [In-Person Signers](#in-person-signers-recipient) | An in-person recipient is a DocuSign user, acting as a Signing Host, who is in the same physical location as the signer. |\n      | [Intermediaries](#intermediaries-recipient) | An intermediary is a recipient who\
  \ can, but is not required to, add name and email information for recipients at the same or subsequent level in the routing order, unless subsequent agents, editors or intermediaries are added. |\n      | [Seals](#seal-recipient) | An electronic seal recipient represents a legal person. Electronic seals can be used by organizations and governments to show evidence of origin and integrity of documents. |\n      | [Signers](#signers-recipient) | A signer is a recipient who must sign, initial, date, or add data to form fields on the documents in the envelope. |\n\n      <br>\n\n      Not all recipients are are available to all account types.\n      Review your account plan to determine\n      which recipient types are available to you.\n      All recipient types are available in the Demo environment.\n\n\n      ## Core Recipient Parameters\n\n      All recipients, regardless of type, have the same common parameters.\n      The following table contains the descriptions\n      for the core\
  \ properties for all recipient types.\n\n      <br>\n\n      | Name | Required | Schema Type | Description |\n      | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |\n      | email | Yes | Email | Email of the recipient. Notification will be sent to this email id.<br/>Maximum Length: 100 characters. |\n      | name | Yes | String | Full legal name of the recipient.<br/>Maximum Length: 100 characters. |\n      | accessCode | No | String | This optional element specifies the access code a recipient has to enter to validate the identity.<br/>Maximum Length: 50 characters. |\n      | addAccessCodeToEmail | No | Boolean | This optional attribute indicates that the access code is added to the email sent to the recipient; this nullifies the Security measure of Access Code on the recipient. |\n      | clientUserId | No | String | This specifies whether the recipient is embedded or remote.<br/><br/>If the `clientUserId` property is not null then the recipient is embedded. Note that if the `ClientUserId` property is\
  \ set and either `SignerMustHaveAccount` or `SignerMustLoginToSign` property of the account settings is set to  **true**, an error is generated on sending. |\n      | embeddedRecipientStartURL | No | String | This is a sender provided valid URL string for redirecting an embedded recipient. When using this option, the embedded recipient still receives an email from DocuSign, just as a remote recipient would, but when the document link in the email is clicked the recipient is redirected, through DocuSign, to this URL to complete their actions. When routing to the URL, it is up to the sender's system (the server responding to the URL) to then request a recipient token to launch a signing session.<br/><br/>If the value `SIGN_AT_DOCUSIGN` is used for this node, the recipient is directed to an embedded signing or viewing process directly at DocuSign. The signing or viewing action is initiated by the DocuSign system and the transaction activity and Certificate of Completion records will reflect\
  \ this. In all other ways the process is identical to an embedded signing or viewing operation that would be launched by any partner.<br/><br/>It is important to remember that in a typical embedded workflow the authentication of an embedded recipient is the responsibility of the sending application and DocuSign expects that senders will follow their own process for establishing the recipient's identity. In this workflow the recipient goes through the sending application before the embedded signing or viewing process in initiated. However, when the sending application sets  the `EmbeddedRecipientStartURL` property to `SIGN_AT_DOCUSIGN`, the recipient goes directly to the embedded signing or viewing process bypassing the sending application and any authentication steps the sending application would use. In this case, DocuSign recommends that one of the normal DocuSign authentication features (Access Code, Phone Authentication, SMS Authentication, etc.) be used to verify the identity of the\
  \ recipient.<br/><br>If the `clientUserId` property is NOT set and the `embeddedRecipientStartURL` property is set, DocuSign ignores the redirect URL and launch the standard signing process for the email recipient. Information can be appended to the `embeddedRecipientStartURL` property using merge fields. The available merge fields items are: envelopeId, recipientId, recipientName, recipientEmail, and customFields. The customFields must be part of the recipient or envelope. The merge fields are enclosed in double brackets.<br/><br/>_Example_:<br/>`http://senderHost/[[mergeField1]]/ beginSigningSession? [[mergeField2]]&[[mergeField3]]` |\n      | customFields | No | customField |An optional array of strings that allows the sender to provide custom data about the recipient. This information is returned in the envelope status but otherwise not used by DocuSign. String `customField` properties have a maximum length of 100 characters. |\n      | emailNotification | No | emailNotification |\
  \ An optional complex type that has information for setting the language for the recipient's email information. It is composed of three elements:<br/><br/>*emailBody*: a string with the email message sent to the recipient.<br/>Maximum Length: 10000 characters.<br/><br/>*emailSubject*: a string with the subject of the email sent to the recipient.<br/>Maximum Length: 100 characters.<br/><br/>*supportedLanguage*: The simple type enumeration of the language used. The supported languages, with the language value shown in parenthesis, are: Arabic (ar), Bahasa Indonesia (id), Bahasa Melayu (ms) Bulgarian (bg), Czech (cs), Chinese Simplified (zh_CN), Chinese Traditional (zh_TW), Croatian (hr), Danish (da), Dutch (nl), English US (en), English UK (en_GB), Estonian (et), Farsi (fa), Finnish (fi), French (fr), French Canada (fr_CA), German (de), Greek (el), Hebrew (he), Hindi (hi), Hungarian (hu), Italian (it), Japanese (ja), Korean (ko), Latvian (lv), Lithuanian (lt), Norwegian (no), Polish (pl),\
  \ Portuguese (pt), Portuguese Brazil (pt_BR), Romanian (ro),Russian (ru), Serbian (sr), Slovak (sk), Slovenian (sl), Spanish (es),Spanish Latin America (es_MX), Swedish (sv), Thai (th), Turkish (tr), Ukrainian (uk) and Vietnamese (vi).<br/><br/>**IMPORTANT**: If this is enabled for one recipient, it overrides the Envelope Subject and `EmailBlurb` property settings. Also, you must set the  `emailNotification` property for all recipients. |\n      | excludedDocuments | No | Array of Strings | Specifies the documents that are not visible to this recipient. Document Visibility must be enabled for the account and the enforceSignerVisibility property must be set to true for the envelope to use this.<br/><br/>When the enforceSignerVisibility property is set to **true**, documents with tabs can only be viewed by signers that have a tab on that document. Recipients that have an administrative role (Agent, Editor, or Intermediaries) or informational role (Certified Deliveries or Carbon Copies) can\
  \ always see all the documents in an envelope, unless they are specifically excluded using this setting when an envelope is sent. Documents that do not have tabs are always visible to all recipients, unless they are specifically excluded using this setting when an envelope is sent. |\n      | idCheckConfigurationName | No | String |Specifies authentication check by name. The names used here must be the same as the authentication type names used by the account (these name can also be found in the web console sending interface in the Identify list for a recipient). This overrides any default authentication setting.<br/><br/>_Example_:<br/> Your account has ID Check and SMS Authentication available and in the web console Identify list these appear as 'ID Check $' and 'SMS Auth $'. To use ID check in an envelope, the `idCheckConfigurationName` property must be  set to `ID Check $`. To use SMS, it must be set to `SMS Auth $` and you must add phone number information to the `smsAuthentication`\
  \ node.|\n      | iDCheckInformationInput | No | IdCheckInformationInput | This complex element contains input information related to a recipient ID check. It can include the following information.<br/><br/>*addressInformationInput*: Used to set recipient address information and consists of:<br/><br/>*addressInformation*: consists of six elements, with street2 and zipPlus4 being optional. The elements are: street1, street2, city, state, zip, zipPlus4\\. The maximum number of characters in each element are: street1/street2 = 150 characters, city = 50 characters, state = 2 characters, and zip/zipPlus4 = 20 characters.<br/><br/>displayLevelCode: Specifies the display level for the recipient. Values are: ReadOnly, Editable, or DoNotDisplay.<br/><br/>*receiveInResponse*: A Boolean element that specifies if the information needs to be returned in the response.<br/><br/>*dobInformationInput*: Used to set recipient date of birth information and consists of:<br/><br/>*dateOfBirth*: Specifies the\
  \ recipient's date, month and year of birth.<br/><br/>*displayLevelCode*: Specifies the display level for the recipient. Values are: ReadOnly, Editable, or DoNotDisplay.<br/><br/>*receiveInResponse*: A Boolean element that specifies if the information needs to be returned in the response.<br/><br/>*ssn4InformationInput*: Used to set the last four digits of the recipient's SSN information and consists of:<br/><br/>*ssn4*: Specifies the last four digits of the recipient's SSN.<br/><br/>*displayLevelCode*: Specifies the display level for the recipient. Values are: ReadOnly, Editable, or DoNotDisplay.<br/><br/>*receiveInResponse*: A Boolean element that specifies if the information needs to be returned in the response.<br/><br/>*ssn9InformationInput*: Used to set the recipient's SSN information. Note that the ssn9 information can never be returned in the response. The ssn9 input consists of:<br/><br/><br/><br/>*ssn9*: Specifies the recipient's SSN.<br/><br/>*displayLevelCode*: Specifies the\
  \ display level for the recipient. Values are: ReadOnly, Editable, or DoNotDisplay. |\n      | inheritEmailNotificationConfiguration | No | Boolean | Optional element. If true and the envelope recipient creates a DocuSign account after signing, the Manage Account Email Notification settings are used as the default settings for the recipient's account. |\n      | note | No | String | A note that is unique to this recipient. This note is sent to the recipient via the signing email. The note displays in the signing UI near the upper left corner of the document on the signing screen.<br/>Maximum Length: 1000 characters. |\n      | phoneAuthentication | No | RecipientPhoneAuthentication | Optional element. Contains the elements: <br/><br/> *recipMayProvideNumber*:Boolean. When set to **true** thenrecipient can use whatever phone number they choose to.<br/><br/> *senderProvidedNumbers*: ArrayOfString. A list of phone numbers the recipient can use. <br/><br/>*recordVoicePrint* - Reserved for\
  \ DocuSign. <br/><br/>*validateRecipProvidedNumber* - Reserved for DocuSign. | |\n      | recipientAttachment | No | Attachment | Reserved for DocuSign. |\n      | recipientId | No | String | Unique for the recipient. It is used by the tab element to indicate which recipient is to sign the Document. |\n      | requireIdLookup | No | Boolean | When set to **true**, the recipient is required to use the specified ID check method (including Phone and SMS authentication) to validate their identity. |\n      | roleName | No* | String | Optional element. Specifies the role name associated with the recipient.<br/><br/>This is required when working with template recipients. |\n      | routingOrder | Yes | String | This element specifies the routing order of the recipient in the envelope. |\n      | smsAuthentication | No | senderProvidedNumbers | Optional element. Contains the element:<br/><br/>*senderProvidedNumbers*: Array that contains a list of phone numbers the recipient can use for SMS text\
  \ authentication. |\n      | socialAuthentications | No | Boolean | Lists the social ID type that can be used for recipient authentication. |\n      | templateAccessCodeRequired | No | Boolean | Optional element. Used only when working with template recipients. When set to **true** and the `TemplateLocked` parameter is set to **true**, the sender must enter an access code. |\n      | templateLocked | No | Boolean | Optional element. Used only when working with template recipients. When set to **true**, the sender cannot change any attributes of the recipient. |\n      | templateRequired | No | Boolean | Optional element. Used only when working with template recipients. When set to **true**,  the sender may not remove the recipient. |\n\n      <br>\n\n      **JSON layout**\n\n      ```\n      \"email\": \"email.name@company.com\",\n        \"name\": \"recipient name\",\n        \"accessCode\": \"\",\n        \"addAccessCodeToEmail\": false,\n        \"clientUserIs\": null,\n        \"embeddedRecipientStartURL\"\
  : \"string\",\n        \"customFields\": {\n          \"sample string 1\",\n          \"sample string 2\"\n        },\n        \"emailNotification\"{\n          \"emailBody\":\"email text\",\n          \"emailSubject\":\"Subject text\",\n          \"supportedLanguage\":\"en\",\n        },\n        \"excludedDocuments\": [\"2\", \"4\"],\n        \"idCheckConfigurationName\": null,\n        \"idCheckInformationInput\": {\n          \"addressInformationInput\": {\n            \"addressInformation\": {\n              \"street1\": \"sample string 1\",\n              \"street2\": \"sample string 2\",\n              \"city\": \"sample string 3\",\n              \"state\": \"sample string 4\",\n              \"zip\": \"sample string 5\",\n              \"zipPlus4\": \"sample string 6\"\n            },\n            \"displayLevelCode\": \"sample string 1\",\n            \"receiveInResponse\": \"sample string 2\"\n          },\n          \"dobInformationInput\": {\n            \"dateOfBirth\": \"\
  sample string 1\",\n            \"displayLevelCode\": \"sample string 2\",\n            \"receiveInResponse\": \"sample string 3\"\n          },\n          \"ssn4InformationInput\": {\n            \"ssn4\": \"sample string 1\",\n            \"displayLevelCode\": \"sample string 2\",\n            \"receiveInResponse\": \"sample string 3\"\n          },\n          \"ssn9InformationInput\": {\n            \"ssn9\": \"sample string 1\",\n            \"displayLevelCode\": \"sample string 2\"\n          }\n        },\n        \"inheritEmailNotificationConfiguration\": false,\n        \"note\": \"\",\n        \"phoneAuthentication\": {\n          \"recipMayProvideNumber\": \"sample string 1\",\n          \"validateRecipProvidedNumber\": \"sample string 2\",\n          \"recordVoicePrint\": \"sample string 3\",\n          \"senderProvidedNumbers\": [\n            \"sample string 1\",\n            \"sample string 2\"\n          ]\n        },\n        \"recipientAttachment\": null,\n        \"recipientCaptiveInfo\"\
  : null,\n        \"recipientId\": \"1\",\n        \"requireIdLookup\": false,\n        \"roleName\": \"\",\n        \"routingOrder\": 1,\n        \"smsAuthentication\": {\n          \"senderProvidedNumbers\":[\n            \"sample string 1\",\n            \"sample string 2\"\n          ]\n        },\n        \"socialAuthentications\": null,\n        \"templateAccessCodeRequired\": false,\n        \"templateLocked\": false,\n        \"templateRequired\": false,\n      ...\n      ```\n\n\n      ## Agents Recipient\n\n      An agent recipient can add name and email information for recipients that appear after the agent in routing order.\n\n      In addition to the [core parameters](#core-recipient-parameters),\n      this type adds the following parameters.\n\n      <br>\n\n      | Name | Required | Schema Type | Description |\n      | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |\n      | canEditRecipientEmails | No | Boolean | Optional element. When set to **true**, the Agents Recipient associated with\
  \ this Recipient can change the Recipient's pre-populated Email address. This element is only active if enabled for the account. |\n      | canEditRecipientNames | No | Boolean | Optional element. When set to **true**, the Agents Recipient associated with this recipient can change the recipient's pre-populated name (`UserName`). This element is only active if enabled for the account. |\n\n      <br>\n\n      **JSON layout**\n\n      ```\n      \"agents\": [{\n       <core parameters>\n        \"canEditRecipientEmails\": false,\n        \"canEditRecipientNames\": false\n      }],\n      ```\n\n\n      ## Carbon Copies Recipient\n\n      Carbon copy recipients get a copy of the envelope but don't need to sign, initial, date or add information to any of the documents. This type of recipient can be used in any routing order. Carbon copy recipients receive their copy of the envelope when the envelope reaches the recipient's order in the process flow and when the envelope is completed.\n\n \
  \     This recipient type uses only the [core parameters](#core-recipient-parameters).\n\n      **JSON layout**\n\n      ```\n      \"carbonCopies\": [{\n       <core parameters>\n      ```\n\n\n      ## Certified Deliveries Recipient\n\n      Certified delivery recipients must receive the completed documents for the envelope to be completed. However, they don't need to sign, initial, date or add information to any of the documents.\n\n      This recipient type uses only the [core parameters](#core-recipient-parameters).\n\n      **JSON layout**\n\n      ```\n      \"certifiedDeliveries\": [{\n      <core parameters>\n      }],\n      ```\n\n      ## Editors Recipient\n\n      Editors have the same management and access rights for the envelope as the sender. They can make changes to the envelope as if they were using the Advanced Correct feature. This recipient can add name and email information, add or change the routing order and set authentication options for the remaining recipients.\
  \ Additionally, this recipient can edit signature/initial tabs and data fields for the remaining recipients. The recipient must have a DocuSign account to be an editor.\n\n      In addition to the [core parameters](#core-recipient-parameters),\n      this type adds the following parameters.\n\n      <br>\n\n      | Name | Required | Schema Type | Description |\n      | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |\n      | canEditRecipientEmails | No | Boolean | Optional element. When set to **true**, the Editors Recipient associated with this Recipient can change the Recipient's pre-populated Email address. This element is only active if enabled for the account. |\n      | canEditRecipientNames | No | Boolean | Optional element. When set to **true**, the Editors Recipient associated with this recipient can change the recipient's pre-populated name (`UserName`). This element is only active if enabled for the account. |\n\n      <br>\n\n\n      **JSON layout**\n\n      ```\n      \"editors\": [{\n      \
  \ <core parameters>\n        \"canEditRecipientEmails\": false,\n        \"canEditRecipientNames\": false\n      }],\n      ```\n\n\n      ## In-Person Signers Recipient\n\n      An in-person recipient is a DocuSign user,\n      acting as a Signing Host,\n      who is in the same physical location as the signer.\n\n      In addition to the [core parameters](#core-recipient-\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (1838 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/docusign/refs/heads/main/openapi/docusign-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/docusign/refs/heads/main/openapi/docusign-openapi-original.yml
tags:
- Documents
- Envelopes
- Signatures
- Templates
---
