---
aid: microsoft-azure:azure-maps-weather-service
baseURL: ''
description: Microsoft Azure Maps Weather Service is a powerful tool that provides real-time and historical weather data to help businesses make informed decisions. With the ability to access up-to-date weather forecasts, current conditions, and historical climate data, users can plan their operations more effectively and mitigate potential risks.
humanURL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/how-to-request-weather-data
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Microsoft Azure Maps Weather Service
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-weather-service-openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/how-to-request-weather-data
provider_name: Microsoft Azure
provider_slug: microsoft-azure
slug: azure-maps-weather-service
source_filename: azure-maps-weather-service-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "swagger: '2.0'\ninfo:\n  title: Microsoft Azure Azure Maps Weather Service\n  version: '1.0'\nhost: atlas.microsoft.com\nschemes:\n  - https\nconsumes: []\nproduces:\n  - application/json\nsecurityDefinitions:\n  AADToken:\n    type: oauth2\n    authorizationUrl: https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize\n    flow: implicit\n    description: >-\n      These are the [Microsoft Entra OAuth\n      2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v1-overview)\n      Flows. When paired with [Azure role-based\n      access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/overview)\n      control it can be used to control access to Azure Maps REST APIs. Azure\n      role-based access controls are used to designate access to one or more\n      Azure Maps resource account or sub-resources. Any user, group, or service\n      principal can be granted access via a  built-in role or a custom role\n      composed of one or more permissions to Azure\
  \ Maps REST APIs.\n\n\n      To implement scenarios, we recommend viewing [authentication\n      concepts](https://aka.ms/amauth). In summary, this security definition\n      provides a solution for modeling application(s) via objects capable of\n      access control on specific APIs and scopes.\n\n\n      #### Notes\n\n      * This security definition **requires** the use of the `x-ms-client-id`\n      header to indicate which Azure Maps resource the application is requesting\n      access to. This can be acquired from the [Maps management\n      API](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails).\n\n      * \n\n      The `Authorization URL` is specific to the Azure public cloud instance.\n      Sovereign clouds have unique Authorization URLs and Microsoft Entra ID\n      configurations. \n\n      * \n\n      The Azure role-based access control is configured from the [Azure\n      management plane](https://aka.ms/amrbac) via Azure portal, PowerShell,\n      CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST APIs.\n\n      * \n\
  \n      Usage of the [Azure Maps Web SDK](https://aka.ms/amaadmc) allows for\n      configuration based setup of an application for multiple use cases.\n\n      * For more information on Microsoft identity platform, see [Microsoft\n      identity platform\n      overview](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity-platform/v2-overview).\n    scopes:\n      https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default: https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  SharedKey:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared key that is provisioned when you [Create an Azure Maps\n      account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/quick-demo-map-app#create-an-azure-maps-account)\n      in the Azure portal or using PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST API.\n\n       With this key, any application can access all REST API. In other words, this key can be used as a master key in the account that they are issued in.\n\n       For publicly exposed applications, our recommendation is to use the [confidential\
  \ client applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/authentication-best-practices#confidential-client-applications) approach to access Azure Maps REST APIs so your key can be securely stored.\n    name: subscription-key\n    in: query\n  SasToken:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared access signature token is created from the List SAS\n      operation on the [Azure Maps resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) through the\n      Azure management plane via Azure portal, PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or\n      REST APIs.\n\n       With this token, any application is authorized to access with Azure role-based access controls and fine-grain control to the expiration, rate, and region(s) of use for the particular token. In other words, the SAS Token can be used to allow applications to control access in a more secured way than the shared key.\n\n       For publicly exposed applications, our recommendation is to configure a specific list of allowed origins on\
  \ the [Map account resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) to limit rendering abuse and regularly renew the SAS Token.\n    name: SAS Token\n    in: header\nsecurity:\n  - AADToken:\n      - https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  - SharedKey: []\n  - SasToken: []\nresponses:\n  '400':\n    description: >-\n      Bad request: one or more parameters were incorrectly specified or are\n      mutually exclusive.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '401':\n    description: >-\n      Access denied due to invalid subscription key or invalid Microsoft Entra\n      ID bearer token.  Make sure to provide a valid key for an active Azure\n      subscription and Maps resource.  Otherwise, verify the\n      [WWW-Authenticate](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-3.1) header\n      for error code and description of the provided Microsoft Entra ID bearer\n      token.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n    headers:\n      WWW-Authenticate:\n     \
  \   type: string\n        description: >-\n          Bearer realm=\"https://atlas.microsoft.com/\", error=\"invalid_token\",\n          error_description=\"The access token expired\"\n  '403':\n    description: Permission, capacity, or authentication issues.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '404':\n    description: >-\n      Not Found: the requested resource could not be found, but it may be\n      available again in the future.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '500':\n    description: An error occurred while processing the request. Please try again later.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\nparameters:\n  ClientId:\n    name: x-ms-client-id\n    description: >-\n      Specifies which account is intended for usage in conjunction with the\n      Microsoft Entra ID security model.  It represents a unique ID for the\n      Azure Maps account and can be retrieved from the Azure Maps management  plane Account\
  \ API. To use Microsoft Entra ID security in Azure Maps see\n      the following [articles](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails) for guidance.\n    type: string\n    in: header\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  SubscriptionKey:\n    name: subscription-key\n    description: >-\n      One of the Azure Maps keys provided from an Azure Map Account. Please\n      refer to this\n      [article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/how-to-manage-authentication)\n      for details on how to manage authentication.\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  ApiVersion:\n    name: api-version\n    description: Version number of Azure Maps API. Current version is 1.0\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: true\n    default: '1.0'\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  JsonFormat:\n    name: format\n    description: Desired format of the response. Only `json` format is supported.\n    type: string\n    in: path\n\
  \    required: true\n    enum:\n      - json\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: JsonFormat\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: json\n          description: >-\n            [The JavaScript Object Notation Data Interchange\n            Format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259)\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  WeatherLanguage:\n    name: language\n    description: >-\n      Language in which search results should be returned. Should be one of\n      supported IETF language tags, case insensitive. When data in specified\n      language is not available for a specific field, default language is used.  Default value is en-us. \n\n\n      Please refer to [Supported\n      languages](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/supported-languages)\n      for details.\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  WeatherUnit:\n    name: unit\n    description: >-\n      Specifies to return the data in either metric units\
  \ or imperial units.\n      Default value is metric.\n    default: metric\n    in: query\n    type: string\n    required: false\n    enum:\n      - metric\n      - imperial\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: Unit\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: metric\n          description: >-\n            Return data in metric units. Some example units of metric system are\n            Celsius and kilometer.\n        - value: imperial\n          description: >-\n            Return data in imperial units. Some example units of imperial system\n            are Fahrenheit and mile.\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\npaths:\n  /weather/forecast/hourly/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Hourly Forecast**<br><br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing\n        tiers.<br><br><br>Request detailed weather forecast by the hour for the\n        next 1, 12, 24 (1 day), 72 (3 days), 120 (5 days), and 240 hours (10\n        days) for the given the given coordinate location.\
  \  The API returns\n        details such as temperature, humidity, wind, precipitation, and\n        ultraviolet (UV) index.<br><br>In S0 you can request hourly forecast for\n        the next 1, 12, 24 hours (1 day), and 72 hours (3 days). In S1 you can\n        also request hourly forecast for the next 120 (5 days) and 240 hours (10\n        days).\n      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGethourlyforecast\n      x-ms-examples:\n        HourlyForecast:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetHourlyForecast.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the location for which hourly forecast information is\n            requested. The applicable query is specified as a comma separated\n            string composed by latitude followed by longitude e.g.\n            \"47.641268,-122.125679\"\
  .\n          in: query\n          type: string\n          required: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherUnit'\n        - name: duration\n          description: >-\n            Time frame of the returned weather forecast. By default, the\n            forecast data for next hour will be returned. Available values are\n              * `1` - Return forecast data for the next hour. Default value.\n              * `12` - Return hourly forecast for next 12 hours.\n              * `24` - Return hourly forecast for next 24 hours.\n              * `72` - Return hourly forecast for next 72 hours (3 days).\n              * `120` - Return hourly forecast for next 120 hours (5 days). Only available in S1 SKU. \n              * `240` - Return hourly forecast for next 240 hours (10 days). Only available in S1 SKU.\n          default: 1\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n    \
  \      schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/HourlyForecastResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Forecast Hourly Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\n  /weather/forecast/minute/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Minute Forecast**<br>  <br>  <br>**Applies to**: S1 pricing\n        tier.<br><br><br>Get Minute Forecast service returns minute-by-minute\n        forecasts for a given location for the next 120 minutes.  Users can\n        request weather forecasts in the interval of 1, 5 and 15 minutes.  The\n        response will include details such as the type of precipitation\n        (including rain, snow, or a mixture of both), start time, and\n        precipitation intensity value (dBZ).\n\
  \      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGetminuteforecast\n      x-ms-examples:\n        MinuteForecast:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetMinuteForecast.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the location for which minute forecast information is\n            requested. The applicable query is specified as a comma separated\n            string composed by latitude followed by longitude e.g.\n            \"47.641268,-122.125679\".\n          in: query\n          type: string\n          required: true\n        - name: interval\n          description: >-\n            Specifies time interval in minutes for the returned weather\n            forecast. Supported values are\n              * `1` -  Retrieve forecast for 1-minute intervals. Returned by default.\n\
  \              * `5` - Retrieve forecasts for 5-minute intervals.\n              * `15` - Retrieve forecasts for 15-minute intervals.\n          default: 1\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/MinuteForecastResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Forecast Minute Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\n  /weather/forecast/quarterDay/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Quarter-Day Forecast**<br>  <br>  <br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1\n        pricing tiers.<br><br><br>Service returns detailed weather forecast by\n        quarter-day for\
  \ the next 1, 5, 10, or 15 days for a given location.\n        Response data is presented by quarters of the day - morning, afternoon,\n        evening, and overnight. Details such as temperature, humidity, wind,\n        precipitation, and UV index are returned.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGetquarterdayforecast\n      x-ms-examples:\n        QuarterDayForecast:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetQuarterDayForecast.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the location for which quarter-day forecast\n            information is requested. The applicable query is specified as a\n            comma separated string composed by latitude followed by longitude\n            e.g. \"47.641268,-122.125679\".\n          in: query\n          type: string\n  \
  \        required: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherUnit'\n        - name: duration\n          description: >-\n            Specifies for how many days the quester-day forecast responses are\n            returned. Supported values are:\n              * `1` - Return forecast data for the next day. Returned by default.\n              * `5` - Return forecast data for the next 5 days.\n              * `10` - Return forecast data for next 10 days.\n              * `15` - Return forecast data for the next 15 days.\n          default: 1\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/QuarterDayForecastResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n\
  \          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Forecast Quarterday Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\n  /weather/currentConditions/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Current Conditions**<br>  <br>  <br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1\n        pricing tiers.<br><br><br>Get Current Conditions service returns\n        detailed current weather conditions such as precipitation, temperature\n        and wind for a given coordinate location. Also, observations from the\n        past 6 or 24 hours for a particular location can be retrieved. The basic\n        information returned with the response include details such as\n        observation date and time, brief description of the weather conditions,\n        weather icon, precipitation indicator flags, and temperature. Additional\n        details such as RealFeel™ Temperature and UV index are also returned.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGetcurrentconditions\n      x-ms-examples:\n\
  \        CurrentConditions:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetCurrentConditions.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the location for which current conditions information\n            is requested. The applicable query is specified as a comma separated\n            string composed by latitude followed by longitude e.g.\n            \"47.641268,-122.125679\".\n          in: query\n          type: string\n          required: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherUnit'\n        - name: details\n          description: |-\n            Return full details for the current conditions. Available values are\n              * `true` - Returns full details. By default all details are returned.\n              * `false` - Returns a truncated version of the current\
  \ condition data, which includes observation date time, weather phrase, icon code, precipitation indicator flag, and temperature.\n          default: 'true'\n          in: query\n          type: string\n        - name: duration\n          description: >-\n            Time frame of the returned weather conditions. By default, the most\n            current weather conditions will be returned. Default value is 0.\n            Supported values are:\n               * `0` - Return the most current weather conditions.\n               * `6` - Return weather conditions from past 6 hours.\n               * `24` - Return weather conditions from past 24 hours.\n          default: 0\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/CurrentConditionsResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n\
  \        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Currentconditions Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\n  /weather/forecast/daily/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Daily Forecast**<br>  <br>  <br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing\n        tiers.<br><br><br>The service returns detailed weather forecast such as\n        temperature and wind by day for the next 1, 5, 10, 15, 25, or 45 days\n        for a given coordinate location.  The response include details such as\n        temperature, wind, precipitation, air quality, and UV index.<br><br>In\n        S0 you can request daily forecast for the next 1, 5, 10, and 15 days. In\n        S1 you can also request daily forecast for the next 25 days, and 45\n        days.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGetdailyforecast\n      x-ms-examples:\n        DailyForecast:\n\
  \          $ref: ./examples/GetDailyForecast.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the location for which current conditions information\n            is requested. The applicable query is specified as a comma separated\n            string composed by latitude followed by longitude e.g.\n            \"47.641268,-122.125679\".\n          in: query\n          type: string\n          required: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherUnit'\n        - name: duration\n          description: >-\n            Specifies for how many days the daily forecast responses are\n            returned. Available values are\n              * `1` - Return forecast data for the next day. Returned by default.\n              * `5` - Return forecast data for the next 5 days.\n\
  \              * `10` - Return forecast data for the next 10 days.\n              * `25` - Return forecast data for the next 25 days. Only available in S1 SKU.\n              * `45` - Return forecast data for the next 45 days. Only available in S1 SKU.\n          default: 1\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/DailyForecastResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Forecast Daily Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\n  /weather/route/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Weather along route**<br>   <br>   <br> **Applies to**: S1 pricing\n\
  \        tier.<br><br> Weather along a route API returns hyper local (one\n        kilometer or less), up-to-the-minute weather nowcasts, weather hazard\n        assessments, and notifications along a route described as a sequence of\n        waypoints. <br> This includes a list of weather hazards affecting the\n        waypoint or route, and the aggregated hazard index for each waypoint\n        might be used to paint each portion of a route according to how safe it\n        is for the driver. When submitting the waypoints, it is recommended to\n        stay within, or close to, the distance that can be traveled within\n        120-mins or shortly after. Data is updated every five minutes. <br> <br>\n        The service supplements Azure Maps [Route\n        Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/maps/route) that allows you\n        to first request a route between an origin and a destination and use\n        that as an input for Weather Along Route endpoint.<br> <br> In addition,\n\
  \        the service supports scenarios to generate weather notifications for\n        waypoints that experience an increase in intensity of a weather hazard.\n        For example, if the vehicle is expected to begin experiencing heavy rain\n        as it reaches a waypoint, a weather notification for heavy rain will be\n        generated for that waypoint allowing the end product to display a heavy\n        rain notification before the driver reaches that waypoint. <br> The\n        trigger for when to display the notification for a waypoint could be\n        based, for example, on a\n        [geofence](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/tutorial-iot-hub-maps),\n        or selectable distance to the waypoint.<br><br> The API covers all\n        regions of the planet except latitudes above Greenland and Antarctica.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGetweatheralongroute\n      x-ms-examples:\n        WeatherAlongRoute:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetWeatherAlongRoute.json\n\
  \      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates through which the route is calculated, separated by\n            colon (:) and entered in chronological order. A minimum of two\n            waypoints is required. A single API call may contain up to 60\n            waypoints. \n\n            A waypoint indicates location, ETA, and optional heading:\n            latitude,longitude,ETA,heading, where\n              * `Latitude` - Latitude coordinate in decimal degrees.\n              * `Longitude` - Longitude coordinate in decimal degrees.\n              * `ETA (estimated time of arrival)` - The number of minutes from the present time that it will take for the vehicle to reach the waypoint. Allowed range is from 0.0 to 120.0 minutes.\n              * `Heading` - An optional\
  \ value indicating the vehicle heading as it passes the waypoint. Expressed in clockwise degrees relative to true north. This is issued to calculate sun glare as a driving hazard. Allowed range is from 0.0 to 360.0 degrees. If not provided, a heading will automatically be derived based on the position of neighboring waypoints.\n\n            It is recommended to stay within, or close to, the distance that can\n            be traveled within 120-mins or shortly after. This way a more\n            accurate assessment can be provided for the trip and prevent\n            isolated events not being captured between waypoints.  Information\n            can and should be updated along the route (especially for trips\n            greater than 2 hours) to continuously pull new waypoints moving\n            forward, but also to ensure that forecast information for content\n            such as precipitation type and intensity is accurate as storms\n            develop and dissipate over time.\n \
  \         in: query\n          type: string\n          required: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/WeatherAlongRouteResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Route Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\n  /weather/severe/alerts/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Severe Weather Alerts**<br><br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing\n        tiers.<br><br>Severe weather phenomenon can significantly impact our\n        everyday life and business operations. For example, severe weather\n        conditions such as tropical storms, high winds or flooding can close\n        roads and\
  \ force logistics companies to reroute their fleet causing\n        delays in reaching destinations and breaking the cold chain of\n        refrigerated food products.  Azure Maps Severe Weather Alerts API\n        returns the severe weather alerts that are available worldwide\n        from both official Government Meteorological Agencies and leading\n        global to regional weather alert providers. The service can return\n        details such as alert type, category, level and detailed description\n        about the active severe alerts for the requested location, like\n        hurricanes, thunderstorms, lightning, heat waves or forest fires.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGetsevereweatheralerts\n      x-ms-examples:\n        SevereWeatherAlert:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetSevereWeatherAlerts.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n\
  \        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the location for which severe weather alerts are\n            requested. The applicable query is specified as a comma separated\n            string composed by latitude followed by longitude e.g.\n            \"47.641268,-122.125679\".\n          in: query\n          type: string\n          required: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n        - name: details\n          description: >-\n            Return full details for the severe weather alerts. Available values\n            are\n              * `true` - Returns full details. By default all details are returned.\n              * `false` - Returns a truncated version of the alerts data, which excludes the area-specific full description of alert details (`alertDetails`).\n          default: 'true'\n          in: query\n          type: string\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK,\n          schema:\n            $ref:\
  \ '#/definitions/SevereWeatherAlertsResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Severe Alerts Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\n  /weather/indices/daily/{format}:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Get Daily Indices**<br><br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing\n        tiers.<br><br>There may be times when you want to know if the weather\n        conditions are optimal for a specific activity, for example, for outdoor\n        construction, indoor activities, running or farming including soil\n        moisture information.  Azure Maps Indices API returns index values that\n        will guide end users to plan future activities. For example, a health\n        mobile application can notify users that today is good\
  \ weather for\n        running or for other outdoors activities like for playing golf, and\n        retail stores can optimize their digital marketing campaigns based on\n        predicted index values. The service returns in daily indices values for\n        current and next 5, 10 and 15 days starting from current day.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureWeatherGetdailyindices\n      x-ms-examples:\n        DailyIndices:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetDailyIndices.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the location for which daily indices are requested.\n            The applicable query is specified as a comma separated string\n            composed by latitude followed by longitude e.g.\n            \"47.641268,-122.125679\".\n          in: query\n    \
  \      type: string\n          required: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/WeatherLanguage'\n        - name: duration\n          description: >-\n            Specifies for how many days the daily indices are returned. By\n            default, the indices data for the current day will be returned. When\n            requesting future indices data, the current day is included in the\n            response as day 1. Available values are\n              * `1` - Return daily index data for the current day. Default value.\n              * `5` - Return 5 days of daily index data starting from the current day.\n              * `10` - Return 10 days of daily index data starting from the current day.\n              * `15` - Return 15 days of daily index data starting from the current day.\n          default: 1\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n        - name: indexId\n          description: >-\n            Numeric index identifier that can be used for restricting returned\n         \
  \   results to the corresponding index type. Cannot be paired with\n            `indexGroupId`. Please refer to [Weather Service\n            Concepts](https://aka.ms/AzureMapsWeatherConcepts) for details and\n            to see the supported indices.\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n        - name: indexGroupId\n          description: >-\n            Numeric index group identifier that can be used for restricting\n            returned results to the corresponding subset of indices (index\n            group). Cannot be paired with `indexId`. Please refer to [Weather\n            Service Concepts](https://aka.ms/AzureMapsWeatherConcepts) for\n            details and to see the supported index groups.\n          in: query\n          type: integer\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/DailyIndicesResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n\
  \        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Weather Indices Daily Format\n      tags:\n        - Weather\ndefinitions:\n  ODataErrorResponse:\n    type: object\n    description: >-\n      This response object is returned when an error occurs in the Azure Maps\n      API.\n    properties:\n      error:\n        $ref: '#/definitio\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (88 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-weather-service-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-weather-service-openapi-original.yml
tags: []
---
