---
aid: microsoft-azure:azure-maps-traffic-service
baseURL: ''
description: Microsoft Azure Maps Traffic Service provides real-time and historical traffic data to help organizations optimize their transportation routes and make informed decisions. It offers detailed information on traffic flow, incidents, and construction that can impact travel times and route planning. By leveraging this service, businesses can improve efficiency, reduce congestion, and enhance the overall user experience for their customers.
humanURL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Microsoft Azure Maps Traffic Service
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-traffic-service-openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/
provider_name: Microsoft Azure
provider_slug: microsoft-azure
slug: azure-maps-traffic-service
source_filename: azure-maps-traffic-service-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "swagger: '2.0'\ninfo:\n  title: Microsoft Azure Azure Maps Traffic Service\n  version: '1.0'\n  description: Azure Maps Traffic REST APIs\nhost: atlas.microsoft.com\nschemes:\n  - https\nconsumes: []\nproduces:\n  - application/json\n  - application/xml\nsecurityDefinitions:\n  AADToken:\n    type: oauth2\n    authorizationUrl: https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize\n    flow: implicit\n    description: >-\n      These are the [Microsoft Entra OAuth\n      2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v1-overview)\n      Flows. When paired with [Azure role-based\n      access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/overview)\n      control it can be used to control access to Azure Maps REST APIs. Azure\n      role-based access controls are used to designate access to one or more\n      Azure Maps resource account or sub-resources. Any user, group, or service\n      principal can be granted access via a  built-in role or\
  \ a custom role\n      composed of one or more permissions to Azure Maps REST APIs.\n\n\n      To implement scenarios, we recommend viewing [authentication\n      concepts](https://aka.ms/amauth). In summary, this security definition\n      provides a solution for modeling application(s) via objects capable of\n      access control on specific APIs and scopes.\n\n\n      #### Notes\n\n      * This security definition **requires** the use of the `x-ms-client-id`\n      header to indicate which Azure Maps resource the application is requesting\n      access to. This can be acquired from the [Maps management\n      API](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails).\n\n      * \n\n      The `Authorization URL` is specific to the Azure public cloud instance.\n      Sovereign clouds have unique Authorization URLs and Microsoft Entra ID\n      configurations. \n\n      * \n\n      The Azure role-based access control is configured from the [Azure\n      management plane](https://aka.ms/amrbac) via Azure portal,\
  \ PowerShell,\n      CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST APIs.\n\n      * \n\n      Usage of the [Azure Maps Web SDK](https://aka.ms/amaadmc) allows for\n      configuration based setup of an application for multiple use cases.\n\n      * For more information on Microsoft identity platform, see [Microsoft\n      identity platform\n      overview](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity-platform/v2-overview).\n    scopes:\n      https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default: https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  SharedKey:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared key that is provisioned when you [Create an Azure Maps\n      account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/quick-demo-map-app#create-an-azure-maps-account)\n      in the Azure portal or using PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST API.\n\n       With this key, any application can access all REST API. In other words, this key can be used as a master key in the account that they are issued in.\n\n       For publicly\
  \ exposed applications, our recommendation is to use the [confidential client applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/authentication-best-practices#confidential-client-applications) approach to access Azure Maps REST APIs so your key can be securely stored.\n    name: subscription-key\n    in: query\n  SasToken:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared access signature token is created from the List SAS\n      operation on the [Azure Maps resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) through the\n      Azure management plane via Azure portal, PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or\n      REST APIs.\n\n       With this token, any application is authorized to access with Azure role-based access controls and fine-grain control to the expiration, rate, and region(s) of use for the particular token. In other words, the SAS Token can be used to allow applications to control access in a more secured way than the shared key.\n\n       For publicly exposed applications, our\
  \ recommendation is to configure a specific list of allowed origins on the [Map account resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) to limit rendering abuse and regularly renew the SAS Token.\n    name: SAS Token\n    in: header\nsecurity:\n  - AADToken:\n      - https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  - SharedKey: []\n  - SasToken: []\nresponses:\n  '202':\n    description: >-\n      Request Accepted: The request has been accepted for processing. Please use\n      the URL in the Location Header to retry or access the results.\n    headers:\n      Location:\n        type: string\n        description: New URL to check for the results of the long-running operation.\n  '400':\n    description: >-\n      Bad request: one or more parameters were incorrectly specified or are\n      mutually exclusive.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '401':\n    description: >-\n      Access denied due to invalid subscription key or invalid Microsoft Entra\n      ID bearer token.  Make sure\
  \ to provide a valid key for an active Azure\n      subscription and Maps resource.  Otherwise, verify the\n      [WWW-Authenticate](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-3.1) header\n      for error code and description of the provided Microsoft Entra ID bearer\n      token.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n    headers:\n      WWW-Authenticate:\n        type: string\n        description: >-\n          Bearer realm=\"https://atlas.microsoft.com/\", error=\"invalid_token\",\n          error_description=\"The access token expired\"\n  '403':\n    description: Permission, capacity, or authentication issues.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '404':\n    description: >-\n      Not Found: the requested resource could not be found, but it may be\n      available again in the future.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '500':\n    description: An error occurred while processing the request. Please try\
  \ again later.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\nparameters:\n  ClientId:\n    name: x-ms-client-id\n    description: >-\n      Specifies which account is intended for usage in conjunction with the\n      Microsoft Entra ID security model.  It represents a unique ID for the\n      Azure Maps account and can be retrieved from the Azure Maps management  plane Account API. To use Microsoft Entra ID security in Azure Maps see\n      the following [articles](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails) for guidance.\n    type: string\n    in: header\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  SubscriptionKey:\n    name: subscription-key\n    description: >-\n      One of the Azure Maps keys provided from an Azure Map Account. Please\n      refer to this\n      [article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/how-to-manage-authentication)\n      for details on how to manage authentication.\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location:\
  \ client\n  ApiVersion:\n    name: api-version\n    description: Version number of Azure Maps API. Current version is 1.0\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: true\n    default: '1.0'\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  JsonFormat:\n    name: format\n    description: Desired format of the response. Only `json` format is supported.\n    type: string\n    in: path\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - json\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: JsonFormat\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: json\n          description: >-\n            [The JavaScript Object Notation Data Interchange\n            Format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259)\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  TextFormat:\n    name: format\n    description: Desired format of the response. Value can be either _json_ or _xml_.\n    type: string\n    in: path\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - json\n      - xml\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: TextFormat\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n\
  \        - value: json\n          description: >-\n            [The JavaScript Object Notation Data Interchange\n            Format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259)\n        - value: xml\n          description: '[The Extensible Markup Language](https://www.w3.org/TR/xml/)'\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  RasterTileFormat:\n    name: format\n    description: 'Desired format of the response. Possible value: png.'\n    type: string\n    in: path\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - png\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: RasterTileFormat\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: png\n          description: An image in the png format. Supports zoom levels 0 through 18.\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  TileFormat:\n    name: format\n    description: Desired format of the response. Possible values are png & pbf.\n    type: string\n    in: path\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - png\n      - pbf\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: TileFormat\n      modelAsString:\
  \ true\n      values:\n        - value: png\n          description: An image in the png format. Supports zoom levels 0 through 18.\n        - value: pbf\n          description: Vector graphic in the pbf format. Supports zoom levels 0 through 22.\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  RasterZoom:\n    name: zoom\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      Zoom level for the desired tile. Zoom value must be in the range: 0-22\n      (inclusive).\n\n      Please see [Zoom Levels and Tile\n      Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/location-based-services/zoom-levels-and-tile-grid)\n      for details.\n    required: true\n    type: integer\n    format: int32\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  RasterVectorZoom:\n    name: zoom\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      Zoom level for the desired tile. For _raster_ tiles, value must be in the\n      range: 0-22 (inclusive). For _vector_ tiles, value must be in the range:\n      0-22 (inclusive).\n\n      Please see [Zoom Levels\
  \ and Tile\n      Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/location-based-services/zoom-levels-and-tile-grid)\n      for details.\n    required: true\n    type: integer\n    format: int32\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  xTileIndex:\n    name: x\n    x-ms-client-name: xTileIndex\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      X coordinate of the tile on zoom grid. Value must be in the range [0,\n      2<sup>`zoom`</sup> -1].\n\n\n      Please see [Zoom Levels and Tile\n      Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/location-based-services/zoom-levels-and-tile-grid)\n      for details.\n    required: true\n    type: integer\n    format: int32\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  yTileIndex:\n    name: 'y'\n    x-ms-client-name: yTileIndex\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      Y coordinate of the tile on zoom grid. Value must be in the range [0,\n      2<sup>`zoom`</sup> -1].\n\n\n      Please see [Zoom Levels and Tile\n      Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/location-based-services/zoom-levels-and-tile-grid)\n\
  \      for details.\n    required: true\n    type: integer\n    format: int32\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\npaths:\n  /traffic/flow/tile/{format}:\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        __Traffic Flow Tile__<br><br><br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing\n        tiers.<br><br>The Azure Flow Tile API serves 256 x 256 pixel tiles\n        showing traffic flow. All tiles use the same grid system. Because the\n        traffic tiles use transparent images, they can be layered on top of map\n        tiles to create a compound  display. The Flow tiles use colors to\n        indicate either the speed of traffic on different road segments, or the\n        difference between that speed and the free-flow speed on the road\n        segment in question.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureTrafficGettrafficflowtile\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetTrafficFlowTile:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetTrafficFlowTile.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n\
  \        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TileFormat'\n        - name: style\n          in: query\n          description: <p>The style to be used to render the tile.</p>\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - absolute\n            - relative\n            - relative-delay\n            - reduced-sensitivity\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: TrafficFlowTileStyle\n            modelAsString: true\n            values:\n              - value: absolute\n                description: >-\n                  Colors will reflect the absolute speed measured. Absolute\n                  speed is the capability to access the full speed.\n              - value: relative\n                description: >-\n                  This is the speed relative to free-flow, highlighting areas of\n                  congestion visualizing the traffic flow. Free-flow refers to\n            \
  \      conditions where there is no congestion and traffic can follow\n                  the speed limits. The most used option to visualize traffic\n                  flow on a map.\n              - value: relative-delay\n                description: >-\n                  Displays relative colors only where they are different from\n                  the free-flow speeds. This option will only highlights areas\n                  of congestion.\n              - value: reduced-sensitivity\n                description: >-\n                  Displays relative colors but a larger difference from freeflow\n                  is required for segments to change the color. This mode only\n                  valid when format is png.\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/RasterVectorZoom'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/xTileIndex'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/yTileIndex'\n        - name: thickness\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The value of the width of the line representing\
  \ traffic. This value\n            is a multiplier and the accepted values range from 1 - 20. The\n            default value is 10. This parameter is not valid when format is pbf.\n          required: false\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          minimum: 1\n          maximum: 20\n          default: 10\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TrafficFlowTileResult'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Traffic Flow Tile Format\n      tags:\n        - Traffic\n  /traffic/flow/segment/{format}:\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        __Traffic Flow Segment__<br><br><br>**Applies\
  \ to**: S0 and S1 pricing\n        tiers.<br><br>This service provides information about the speeds and\n        travel times of the road fragment closest to the given coordinates. It\n        is designed to work alongside the Flow layer of the Render Service to\n        support clickable  flow data visualizations. With this API, the client\n        side can connect any place in the map with flow data on the  closest\n        road and present it to the user.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureTrafficGettrafficflowsegment\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetTrafficFlowSegment:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetTrafficFlowSegment.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TextFormat'\n        - name: style\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The style to be used to render the tile. Valid values are absolute\n            which returns\
  \ colors reflecting the absolute speed measured,\n            relative which returns the speed relative to free-flow,\n            Relative-delay which displays relative speeds only where they are\n            different from the freeflow speeds\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - absolute\n            - relative\n            - relative-delay\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: TrafficFlowSegmentStyle\n            modelAsString: true\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/RasterZoom'\n        - name: query\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Coordinates of the point close to the road segment. They have to be\n            comma-separated and calculated using EPSG4326 projection.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: unit\n          in: query\n          description: Unit of speed in KMPH or MPH\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          default: KMPH\n          enum:\n     \
  \       - KMPH\n            - MPH\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: SpeedUnit\n            modelAsString: true\n            values:\n              - value: KMPH\n                description: Kilometers Per Hour\n              - value: MPH\n                description: Miles Per Hour\n        - name: thickness\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The value of the width of the line representing traffic. This value\n            is a multiplier and the accepted values range from 1 - 20. The\n            default value is 10.\n          required: false\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          default: 10\n          minimum: 1\n          maximum: 20\n        - name: openLr\n          in: query\n          description: Boolean on whether the response should include OpenLR code\n          required: false\n          type: boolean\n          default: false\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n          \
  \  $ref: '#/definitions/TrafficFlowSegmentResult'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Traffic Flow Segment Format\n      tags:\n        - Traffic\n  /traffic/incident/tile/{format}:\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        __Traffic Incident Tile__<br><br><br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing\n        tiers.<br><br>This service serves 256 x 256 pixel tiles showing traffic\n        incidents. All tiles use the same grid system. Because the traffic tiles\n        use transparent images, they can be layered on top of map tiles to\n        create a compound display. Traffic tiles render graphics to indicate\n        traffic on the roads in the specified area.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureTrafficGettrafficincidenttile\n\
  \      x-ms-examples:\n        GetTrafficIncidentTile:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetTrafficIncidentTile.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TileFormat'\n        - name: style\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The style to be used to render the tile. This parameter is not valid\n            when format is pbf.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - s1\n            - s2\n            - s3\n            - night\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: TrafficIncidentTileStyle\n            modelAsString: true\n            values:\n              - value: s1\n                description: >-\n                  Creates traffic lines with colored chevrons indicating\n                  severity.\n              - value: s2\n                description: Creates plain lines with certain\
  \ degree of glow.\n              - value: s3\n                description: Creates plain lines with certain degree of glow.\n              - value: night\n                description: Night style.\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/RasterVectorZoom'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/xTileIndex'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/yTileIndex'\n        - name: t\n          x-ms-client-name: trafficState\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Reference value for the state of traffic at a particular time,\n            obtained from the Viewport API call, trafficModelId attribute in\n            trafficState field. It is updated every minute, and is valid for two\n            minutes before it times out. Use -1 to  get the most recent traffic\n            information. Default: most recent traffic information.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          default: '-1'\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref:\
  \ '#/definitions/TrafficIncidentTileResult'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Traffic Incident Tile Format\n      tags:\n        - Traffic\n  /traffic/incident/detail/{format}:\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        __Traffic Incident Detail__ <br><br><br><br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1\n        pricing tiers.<br><br>This API provides information on traffic incidents\n        inside a given bounding box, based on the current Traffic  Model ID. The\n        Traffic Model ID is available to grant synchronization of data between\n        calls and API's. The  Traffic Model ID is a key value for determining\n        the currency of traffic incidents. It is updated every\
  \ minute,  and is\n        valid for two minutes before it times out. It is used in rendering  [incident\n        tiles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/traffic/gettrafficincidenttile).\n        It can be  obtained from the [Viewport\n        API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/traffic/gettrafficincidentviewport).\n      operationId: microsoftAzureTrafficGettrafficincidentdetail\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetTrafficIncidentDetail:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetTrafficIncidentDetail.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TextFormat'\n        - name: style\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The style that will be used to render the tile in Traffic [Incident\n            Tile\n            API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/traffic/gettrafficincidenttile).  This will\
  \ have an effect on the coordinates of traffic incidents in\n            the reply.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - s1\n            - s2\n            - s3\n            - night\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: TrafficIncidentDetailStyle\n            modelAsString: true\n            values:\n              - value: s1\n                description: >-\n                  Creates traffic lines with colored chevrons indicating\n                  severity.\n              - value: s2\n                description: Creates plain lines with certain degree of glow.\n              - value: s3\n                description: Creates plain lines with certain degree of glow.\n              - value: night\n                description: Night style.\n        - name: boundingbox\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The `boundingbox` is represented by two value pairs describing it's\n            corners (first pair for lower left\
  \ corner and second for upper\n            right). The pairs can either be specified using any of the\n            `projection`'s specified below (e.g., _minY,minX,maxY,maxX_) or by\n            two latitude-longitude pairs (e.g.,\n            _minLat,minLon,maxLat,maxLon_).<br><br>NOTE: If latitude/longitude\n            pairs are used, then the `projection` parameter must be set to\n            \"EPSG4326\".\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: boundingZoom\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Zoom level for desired tile. 0 to 22 for raster tiles, 0 through 22\n            for vector tiles\n          required: true\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          minimum: 0\n          maximum: 22\n        - name: trafficmodelid\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Number referencing traffic model. This can be obtained from the\n            [Viewport\n            API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/traffic/gettrafficincidentviewport).\n\
  \            It is updated every minute, and is valid for two minutes before it\n            times out. If the wrong Traffic Model ID is specified, the correct\n            one will be returned by the interface. A value of -1 will always\n            invoke the most recent traffic model\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: language\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            [ISO 639-1\n            code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) for the\n            output language. Supported languages are ar, ca, cs, da, de, el, en,\n            en-GB, en-US, es, et, fi, fr, he, hu, id, in*, it, lt, lv, nb, nl,\n            no, pl, pt, ro, ru, sk, sv, th, tr, zh.\n\n\n            Please refer to [Supported\n            Languages](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/supported-languages)\n            for details. When invalid language code is provided response is\n            returned in English. When incident cause\
  \ or description does not\n            have translation, English description is returned.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: projection\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The projection used to specify the coordinates in the request and\n            response.\n            [EPSG900913](http://docs.openlayers.org/library/spherical_mercator.html)\n            (default) or [EPSG4326](http://spatialreference.org/ref/epsg/4326/)\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - EPSG900913\n            - EPSG4326\n        - name: geometries\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The type of vector geometry added to incidents (returned in the <v>\n            element of the response).\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - original\n            - shifted\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: IncidentGeometryType\n            modelAsString:\
  \ true\n            values:\n              - value: original\n                description: Places incidents precisely on the road.\n              - value: shifted\n                description: >-\n                  Moves the incident slightly (depending on zoom level) to\n                  indicate specific road lanes.\n        - name: expandCluster\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Boolean to indicate whether to list all traffic incidents in a\n            cluster separately\n          required: false\n          type: boolean\n          default: false\n        - name: originalPosition\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Boolean on whether to return the original position of the incident\n            (<op>) as well as the one shifted to the beginning of the traffic\n            tube (<op>)\n          required: false\n          type: boolean\n          default: false\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n       \
  \   schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TrafficIncidentDetailResult'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Traffic Incident Detail Format\n      tags:\n        - Traffic\n  /traffic/incident/viewport/{format}:\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        __Traffic Incident Viewport__<br><br><br>**Applies to**: S0 and S1\n        pricing tiers.<br><br>This API returns legal and technical information\n        for the viewport described in the request. It should be called  by\n        client applications whenever the viewport changes (for instance, through\n        zooming, panning, going to a  location, or displaying a route). The\n        request should contain the bounding box and zoom level of the viewport  whose\
  \ information is needed. The return will contain map version\n        information, as well as the current Traffic  Model ID and copyright IDs.\n        The Traffic Model ID returned by the Viewport Description is used by\n        other APIs to  retrieve last traffic information for further processing.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureTrafficGettrafficincidentviewport\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetTrafficIncidentViewport:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetTrafficIncidentViewport.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TextFormat'\n        - name: boundingbox\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Bounding box of the map viewport in\n            [EPSG900913](http://docs.openlayers.org/library/spherical_mercator.html)\n            projection. The `boundingbox` is represented by two value pairs\n            describing it's\
  \ corners (first pair for lower left corner and second\n            for upper right). All values should be separated by commas (e.g.,\n            _minY,minX,maxY,maxX_). The maximum size of the bounding box that\n            can be passed is dependent on the requested zoom level. The width\n            and height cannot exceed 4092 pixels when rendered on the given zoom\n            level.<br><br>NOTE: Bounding boxes that cross the 180° meridian\n            require special treatment. For such boxes, the eastern _maxX_ value\n            will be negative, and thus less than the _minX_ value west of the\n            180° meridian. To address that, the value 40075016.6855874 should be\n            added to the true _maxX_ value before it is passed in the request.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: boundingzoom\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Zoom level of the map viewport. Used to determine whether the view\n            can be\
  \ zoomed in.\n          required: true\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          minimum: 0\n          maximum: 22\n        - name: overviewbox\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Bounding box of the overview map in\n            [EPSG900913](http://docs.openlayers.org/library/spherical_mercator.html)\n            projection.<br><br>Used in case the overview box/mini map has\n            different copyright data than the main map. If there is no mini map,\n            the same coordinates as `boundingBox` is used.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: overviewzoom\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Zoom level of the overview map. If there is no mini map, use the\n            same zoom level as boundingZoom.\n          required: true\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          minimum: 0\n          maximum: 22\n        - name: copyright\n          in: query\n          description:\
  \ >-\n            Determines what copyright information to return. When true the\n            copyright text is returned; when false only the copyright index is\n            returned.\n          required: true\n          type: boolean\n          default: true\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TrafficIncidentViewportResult'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Traffic Incident Viewport Format\n      tags:\n        - Traffic\ndefinitions:\n  ODataErrorResponse:\n    type: object\n    description: >-\n      This response object is returned when an error occurs in the Azure Maps\n      API.\n    properties:\n      error:\n        $ref: '#/definitions/ODataError'\n\
  \  ODataError:\n    type: object\n    description: This object is returned when an error occurs in the Azure Maps API.\n    properties:\n      code:\n        type: string\n        readOnly: true\n        description: The ODataError code.\n      message:\n        type: string\n        readOnly: true\n        description: If available, a human-readable description of the error.\n      details:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/ODataError'\n      target:\n        typ\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (41 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-traffic-service-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-traffic-service-openapi-original.yml
tags: []
---
