---
aid: microsoft-azure:azure-maps-spatial-service
baseURL: ''
description: Microsoft Azure Maps Spatial Service is a powerful tool that allows developers to analyze and visualize location-based data in their applications. By integrating spatial intelligence into their software, users can easily understand complex geospatial relationships, identify patterns, and make informed decisions based on real-time location data.
humanURL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Microsoft Azure Maps Spatial Service
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-spatial-service-openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/
provider_name: Microsoft Azure
provider_slug: microsoft-azure
slug: azure-maps-spatial-service
source_filename: azure-maps-spatial-service-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "swagger: '2.0'\ninfo:\n  title: Microsoft Azure Azure Maps Spatial Service\n  version: '1.0'\n  description: Azure Maps Spatial REST APIs\nhost: atlas.microsoft.com\nschemes:\n  - https\nconsumes: []\nproduces:\n  - application/json\n  - application/xml\nsecurityDefinitions:\n  AADToken:\n    type: oauth2\n    authorizationUrl: https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize\n    flow: implicit\n    description: >-\n      These are the [Microsoft Entra OAuth\n      2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v1-overview)\n      Flows. When paired with [Azure role-based\n      access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/overview)\n      control it can be used to control access to Azure Maps REST APIs. Azure\n      role-based access controls are used to designate access to one or more\n      Azure Maps resource account or sub-resources. Any user, group, or service\n      principal can be granted access via a  built-in role or\
  \ a custom role\n      composed of one or more permissions to Azure Maps REST APIs.\n\n\n      To implement scenarios, we recommend viewing [authentication\n      concepts](https://aka.ms/amauth). In summary, this security definition\n      provides a solution for modeling application(s) via objects capable of\n      access control on specific APIs and scopes.\n\n\n      #### Notes\n\n      * This security definition **requires** the use of the `x-ms-client-id`\n      header to indicate which Azure Maps resource the application is requesting\n      access to. This can be acquired from the [Maps management\n      API](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails).\n\n      * \n\n      The `Authorization URL` is specific to the Azure public cloud instance.\n      Sovereign clouds have unique Authorization URLs and Microsoft Entra ID\n      configurations. \n\n      * \n\n      The Azure role-based access control is configured from the [Azure\n      management plane](https://aka.ms/amrbac) via Azure portal,\
  \ PowerShell,\n      CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST APIs.\n\n      * \n\n      Usage of the [Azure Maps Web SDK](https://aka.ms/amaadmc) allows for\n      configuration based setup of an application for multiple use cases.\n\n      * For more information on Microsoft identity platform, see [Microsoft\n      identity platform\n      overview](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity-platform/v2-overview).\n    scopes:\n      https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default: https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  SharedKey:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared key that is provisioned when you [Create an Azure Maps\n      account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/quick-demo-map-app#create-an-azure-maps-account)\n      in the Azure portal or using PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST API.\n\n       With this key, any application can access all REST API. In other words, this key can be used as a master key in the account that they are issued in.\n\n       For publicly\
  \ exposed applications, our recommendation is to use the [confidential client applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/authentication-best-practices#confidential-client-applications) approach to access Azure Maps REST APIs so your key can be securely stored.\n    name: subscription-key\n    in: query\n  SasToken:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared access signature token is created from the List SAS\n      operation on the [Azure Maps resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) through the\n      Azure management plane via Azure portal, PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or\n      REST APIs.\n\n       With this token, any application is authorized to access with Azure role-based access controls and fine-grain control to the expiration, rate, and region(s) of use for the particular token. In other words, the SAS Token can be used to allow applications to control access in a more secured way than the shared key.\n\n       For publicly exposed applications, our\
  \ recommendation is to configure a specific list of allowed origins on the [Map account resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) to limit rendering abuse and regularly renew the SAS Token.\n    name: SAS Token\n    in: header\nsecurity:\n  - AADToken:\n      - https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  - SharedKey: []\n  - SasToken: []\nresponses:\n  '202':\n    description: >-\n      Request Accepted: The request has been accepted for processing. Please use\n      the URL in the Location Header to retry or access the results.\n    headers:\n      Location:\n        type: string\n        description: New URL to check for the results of the long-running operation.\n  '400':\n    description: >-\n      Bad request: one or more parameters were incorrectly specified or are\n      mutually exclusive.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '401':\n    description: >-\n      Access denied due to invalid subscription key or invalid Microsoft Entra\n      ID bearer token.  Make sure\
  \ to provide a valid key for an active Azure\n      subscription and Maps resource.  Otherwise, verify the\n      [WWW-Authenticate](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-3.1) header\n      for error code and description of the provided Microsoft Entra ID bearer\n      token.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n    headers:\n      WWW-Authenticate:\n        type: string\n        description: >-\n          Bearer realm=\"https://atlas.microsoft.com/\", error=\"invalid_token\",\n          error_description=\"The access token expired\"\n  '403':\n    description: Permission, capacity, or authentication issues.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '404':\n    description: >-\n      Not Found: the requested resource could not be found, but it may be\n      available again in the future.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '500':\n    description: An error occurred while processing the request. Please try\
  \ again later.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\nparameters:\n  ClientId:\n    name: x-ms-client-id\n    description: >-\n      Specifies which account is intended for usage in conjunction with the\n      Microsoft Entra ID security model.  It represents a unique ID for the\n      Azure Maps account and can be retrieved from the Azure Maps management  plane Account API. To use Microsoft Entra ID security in Azure Maps see\n      the following [articles](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails) for guidance.\n    type: string\n    in: header\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  SubscriptionKey:\n    name: subscription-key\n    description: >-\n      One of the Azure Maps keys provided from an Azure Map Account. Please\n      refer to this\n      [article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/how-to-manage-authentication)\n      for details on how to manage authentication.\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location:\
  \ client\n  ApiVersion:\n    name: api-version\n    description: Version number of Azure Maps API. Current version is 1.0\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: true\n    default: '1.0'\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  JsonFormat:\n    name: format\n    description: Desired format of the response. Only `json` format is supported.\n    type: string\n    in: path\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - json\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: JsonFormat\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: json\n          description: >-\n            [The JavaScript Object Notation Data Interchange\n            Format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259)\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  TextFormat:\n    name: format\n    description: Desired format of the response. Value can be either _json_ or _xml_.\n    type: string\n    in: path\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - json\n      - xml\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: TextFormat\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n\
  \        - value: json\n          description: >-\n            [The JavaScript Object Notation Data Interchange\n            Format](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259)\n        - value: xml\n          description: '[The Extensible Markup Language](https://www.w3.org/TR/xml/)'\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  Mode:\n    name: mode\n    in: query\n    description: Mode of the geofencing async event mechanism.\n    required: false\n    type: string\n    enum:\n      - All\n      - EnterAndExit\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: GeofenceMode\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: All\n          description: >-\n            Publish all the query results to Azure Maps account event\n            subscription.\n        - value: EnterAndExit\n          description: >-\n            Only publish result when user location is considered as crossing\n            geofencing boarder.\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  UdidSpatial:\n    name: udid\n    in: query\n    description:\
  \ >-\n      The unique id returned from [Data Upload\n      API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/data/uploadPreview)\n      after uploading a valid GeoJSON FeatureCollection object.  Please refer to\n      [RFC 7946](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-3.3) for details.\n      All the feature's properties should contain `geometryId`, which is used\n      for identifying the geometry and is case-sensitive.\n    required: true\n    type: string\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  SpatialDataUploadFormat:\n    name: dataFormat\n    description: >-\n      Data format of the content being uploaded. Currently, only `geojson`\n      format is supported.\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - geojson\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: SpatialDataUploadFormat\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: geojson\n          description: >-\n            [GeoJSON](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946) is a JSON based\n           \
  \ geospatial data interchange format.\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\npaths:\n  /spatial/geofence/{format}:\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: \"**Search Geofence Get API**<br><br>**Applies to:** S1 Pricing tier.<br><br>The Geofence Get API allows you to retrieve the proximity of a coordinate to a <br>geofence that has been uploaded to the Data service. You can use the <br>[Data Upload API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/data/uploadPreview) to upload <br>a geofence or set of fences. See [Geofencing GeoJSON data](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/geofence-geojson) <br>for more details on the geofence data format. To query the proximity of a coordinate, you supply the location of the object you are tracking as well<br>as the ID for the fence or set of fences, and the response will contain information about<br>the distance from the outer edge of the geofence. A negative value signifies that the <br>coordinate is inside of the fence while\
  \ a positive value means that it is outside of the<br>fence.This API can be used for a variety of scenarios that include things like asset <br>tracking, fleet management, or setting up alerts for moving objects.<br><br>The API supports [integration with Event Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/azure-maps-event-grid-integration). The isAsync parameter is used to enable integration with Event Grid (disabled by default).<br>To test this API, you can upload the sample data from Post Geofence API examples (Request Body) via Data Upload API and replace the `{udid}` from the sample request below with the udid returned by Data Upload API.<br><br><br>### Geofencing InnerError code<br><br>In geofencing response error contract, `innererror` is  an object containing service specific information about the error. `code` is a property in `innererror` which can map to a specific geofencing error type. The table belows shows the code mapping between all the known client error type to the\
  \ corresponding geofencing error `message`.<br><br>innererror.code | error.message<br>---------------------------- | -------------------------------------- <br>NullDeviceId  | Device Id should not be null.<br>NullUdid\\t  | Udid should not be null.<br>UdidWrongFormat| Udid should be acquired from user data ingestion API.<br>InvalidUserTime| Usertime is invalid.<br>InvalidSearchBuffer| Searchbuffer is invalid.<br>InvalidSearchRange| The value range of searchbuffer should be from 0 to 500 meters.<br>InvalidLatLon| Lat and/or lon parameters are invalid.<br>InvalidIsAsyncValue| The IsAsync parameter is invalid.<br>InvalidModeValue| The mode parameter invalid.<br>InvalidJson| Geofencing data is not a valid json file.<br>NotSupportedGeoJson| Geofencing data can't be read as a Feature or FeatureCollections.<br>InvalidGeoJson| Geofencing data is invalid.<br>NoUserDataWithAccountOrSubscription| Can't find user geofencing data with provided account-id and/or subscription-id.<br>NoUserDataWithUdid|\\\
  tCan't find user geofencing data with provided udId.\"\n      operationId: microsoftAzureSpatialGetgeofence\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Geofence:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetGeofence.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: deviceId\n          in: query\n          description: ID of the device\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: udId\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The unique id returned from [Data Upload\n            API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/data/uploadPreview)\n            after uploading a valid GeoJSON FeatureCollection object. Please\n            refer to [RFC 7946](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-3.3)\n            for details. All the feature's  properties should contain\n            `geometryId`, which is\
  \ used for identifying the geometry and is\n            case-sensitive.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: lat\n          in: query\n          description: 'The latitude of the location being passed.  Example: 48.36.'\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: lon\n          in: query\n          description: 'The longitude of the location being passed.  Example: -124.63.'\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: z\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The sea level in meter of the location being passed. If this\n            parameter is presented, 2D extrusion is used. Example: 200.\n          required: false\n          type: number\n        - name: userTime\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The user request time. If not presented in the request, the default\n            value is DateTime.Now.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name:\
  \ searchBuffer\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The radius of the buffer around the geofence in meters that defines\n            how far to search inside and outside the border of the fence against\n            the coordinate that was provided when calculating the result.  The\n            minimum value is 0, and the maximum is 500.  The default value is\n            50.\n          required: false\n          type: number\n          minimum: 0\n          maximum: 500\n          default: 50\n        - name: isAsync\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            If true, the request will use async event mechanism; if false, the\n            request will be synchronized and do not trigger any event. The\n            default value is false.\n          required: false\n          type: boolean\n          default: false\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/Mode'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description:\
  \ >-\n            OK The X-Correlation-id header value is present in an async call's\n            response and the Event Grid event data. It helps correlate the async\n            call’s response with the corresponding Event Grid event.\n          headers:\n            X-Correlation-id:\n              description: >-\n                Value present in an async call's response and the Event Grid\n                event data. It helps correlate the async call’s response with\n                the corresponding Event Grid event.\n              type: string\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/GeofenceResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Spatial Geofence Format\n      tags:\n        - Spatial\n    post:\n      x-publish:\
  \ true\n      description: >-\n        **Search Geofence Post API**<br>**Applies to:** S1 Pricing tier.<br>The\n        Geofence Post API allows you to retrieve the proximity of a coordinate\n        to a  provided geofence or set of fences. With POST call, you do not\n        have to upload the fence data in advance, instead you supply the\n        location of the object you are tracking in query parameters as well as\n        the fence or set of fences data in post request body. See [Geofencing\n        GeoJSON\n        data](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/geofence-geojson)\n        for more details on the geofence data format. The response will contain\n        information about the distance from the outer edge of the geofence. A\n        negative value signifies that the  coordinate is inside of the fence\n        while a positive value means that it is outside of the fence.This API\n        can be used for a variety of scenarios that include things like asset  tracking,\
  \ fleet management, or setting up alerts for moving\n        objects.<br><br>The API supports [integration with Event\n        Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/azure-maps-event-grid-integration).  The isAsync parameter is used to enable integration with Event Grid\n        (disabled by default).\n      operationId: microsoftAzureSpatialPostgeofence\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Geofence:\n          $ref: ./examples/PostGeofence.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: deviceId\n          in: query\n          description: ID of the device\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: lat\n          in: query\n          description: 'The latitude of the location being passed.  Example: 48.36.'\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: lon\n          in:\
  \ query\n          description: 'The longitude of the location being passed.  Example: -124.63.'\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: z\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The sea level in meter of the location being passed. If this\n            parameter is presented, 2D extrusion geofencing is applied. Example:\n            200.\n          required: false\n          type: number\n        - name: userTime\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The user request time. If not presented in the request, the default\n            value is DateTime.UtcNow.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: searchBuffer\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The radius of the buffer around the geofence in meters that defines\n            how far to search inside and outside the border of the fence against\n            the coordinate that was provided when calculating the result.\
  \  The\n            minimum value is 0, and the maximum is 500.  The default value is\n            50.\n          required: false\n          type: number\n          minimum: 0\n          maximum: 500\n          default: 50\n        - name: isAsync\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            If true, the request will use async event mechanism; if false, the\n            request will be synchronized and do not trigger any event. The\n            default value is false.\n          required: false\n          type: boolean\n          default: false\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/Mode'\n        - name: searchGeofenceRequestBody\n          in: body\n          description: The geofencing GeoJSON data.\n          required: true\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/GeoJSONFeatureCollection'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: >-\n            OK The X-Correlation-id header value is present in an async\
  \ call's\n            response and the Event Grid event data. It helps correlate the async\n            call’s response with the corresponding Event Grid event.\n          headers:\n            X-Correlation-id:\n              description: >-\n                Value present in an async call's response and the Event Grid\n                event data. It helps correlate the async call’s response with\n                the corresponding Event Grid event.\n              type: string\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/GeofenceResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Post Spatial Geofence Format\n      tags:\n        - Spatial\n  /spatial/buffer/{format}:\n    post:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        **Applies\
  \ to**: S1 pricing tier.<br><br>This API returns a\n        FeatureCollection where each Feature is a buffer around the\n        corresponding indexed Feature of the input. The buffer could be either\n        on the outside or the inside of the provided Feature, depending on the\n        distance provided in the input. There must be either one distance\n        provided per Feature in the FeatureCollection  input, or if only one\n        distance is provided, then that distance is applied to every Feature in\n        the collection. The positive (or negative) buffer of a geometry is\n        defined as the Minkowski sum (or difference) of the geometry with a\n        circle of radius equal to the absolute value of the buffer distance. The\n        buffer API always returns a polygonal result. The negative or\n        zero-distance buffer of lines and points is always an empty polygon. The\n        input may contain a collection of Point, MultiPoint, Polygon,\n        MultiPolygon, LineString\
  \ and MultiLineString. GeometryCollection will be\n        ignored if provided.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureSpatialPostbuffer\n      x-ms-examples:\n        PostBuffer:\n          $ref: ./examples/PostBuffer.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: bufferRequestBody\n          in: body\n          description: >-\n            The FeatureCollection and the list of distances (one per feature or\n            one for all features).\n          required: true\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/BufferRequestBody'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/BufferResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n\
  \          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Post Spatial Buffer Format\n      tags:\n        - Spatial\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        **Applies to**: S1 pricing tier.<br><br>This API returns a\n        FeatureCollection where each Feature is a buffer around the\n        corresponding indexed Feature of the input. The buffer could be either\n        on the outside or the inside of the provided Feature, depending on the\n        distance provided in the input. There must be either one distance\n        provided per Feature in the FeatureCollection  input, or if only one\n        distance is provided, then that distance is applied to every Feature in\n        the collection. The positive (or negative) buffer of a geometry is\n        defined as the Minkowski sum (or difference) of the geometry with a\n        circle of radius equal\
  \ to the absolute value of the buffer distance. The\n        buffer API always returns a polygonal result. The negative or\n        zero-distance buffer of lines and points is always an empty polygon. The\n        input features are provided by a GeoJSON file which is uploaded via\n        [Data Upload\n        API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/data/uploadPreview)\n        and referenced by a unique udid. The GeoJSON file may contain a\n        collection of Point, MultiPoint, Polygon, MultiPolygon, LineString and\n        MultiLineString. GeometryCollection will be ignored if provided.\n        <br><br>To test this API, you can upload the sample data from [Post\n        Buffer\n        API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/spatial/postbuffer#examples)\n        examples (Request Body without distances array) via [Data Upload\n        API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/data/uploadPreview)\n        and replace the `{udid}` from the [sample\
  \ request\n        below](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/spatial/getbuffer#examples)\n        with the udid returned by Data Upload API.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureSpatialGetbuffer\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetBuffer:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetBuffer.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/UdidSpatial'\n        - name: distances\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The list of distances (one per feature or one for all features),\n            delimited by semicolons. For example, 12.34;-56.78. Positive\n            distance will generate a buffer outside of the feature, whereas\n            negative distance will generate a buffer inside of the feature. If\n            the negative distance larger than the geometry itself, an empty\n          \
  \  polygon will be returned.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/BufferResponse'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Spatial Buffer Format\n      tags:\n        - Spatial\n  /spatial/closestPoint/{format}:\n    post:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        **Applies to**: S1 pricing tier.<br><br>This API returns the closest\n        point between a base point and a given set of target points. The set of\n        target points is provided by user data in post request body. The user\n        data may only contain a collection of Point geometry. MultiPoint\
  \ or\n        other geometries will be ignored if provided. The algorithm does not\n        take into account routing or traffic. The maximum number of points\n        accepted is 100,000. Information returned includes closest point\n        latitude, longitude, and distance in meters from the closest point.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureSpatialPostclosestpoint\n      x-ms-examples:\n        PostClosestPoint:\n          $ref: ./examples/PostClosestPoint.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - name: lat\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The base point latitude of the location being passed.  Example:\n            47.622942.\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: lon\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The base point longitude of the location\
  \ being passed.  Example:\n            -122.316456.\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: numberOfClosestPoints\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The number of closest points expected from response. Default: 1,\n            minimum: 1 and maximum: 50\n          required: false\n          type: integer\n        - name: closestPointRequestBody\n          in: body\n          description: >-\n            The FeatureCollection of Point geometries from which closest point\n            to source point should be determined. All the feature's properties\n            should contain `geometryId`, which is used for identifying the\n            geometry and is case-sensitive.\n          required: true\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/GeoJSONFeatureCollection'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/PostClosestPointResponse'\n\
  \        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Post Spatial Closestpoint Format\n      tags:\n        - Spatial\n    get:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n        **Applies to**: S1 pricing tier.<br><br>This API returns the closest\n        point between a base point and a given set of points in the user\n        uploaded data set identified by udid. The set of target points is\n        provided by a GeoJSON file which is uploaded via [Data Upload\n        API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/data/uploadPreview)\n        and referenced by a unique udid. The GeoJSON file may only contain a\n        collection of Point geometry. MultiPoint or other geometries will be\n        ignored if provided. The maximum number of points\
  \ accepted is 100,000.\n        The algorithm does not take into account routing or traffic. Information\n        returned includes closest point latitude, longitude, and distance in\n        meters from the closest point.<br><br>To test this API, you can upload\n        the sample data from [Post Closest Point\n        API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/spatial/postclosestpoint#examples)\n        examples (Request Body) via [Data Upload\n        API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/data/uploadPreview)\n        and replace the `{udid}` from the [sample request\n        below](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/maps/spatial/getclosestpoint#examples)\n        with the udid returned by Data Upload API.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureSpatialGetclosestpoint\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetClosestPoint:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetClosestPoint.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n\
  \        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/JsonFormat'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/UdidSpatial'\n        - name: lat\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The base point latitude of the location being passed.  Example:\n            47.622942.\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: lon\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The base point longitude of the location being passed.  Example:\n            -122.316456.\n          required: true\n          type: number\n        - name: numberOfClosestPoints\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The number of closest points expected from response. Default: 1,\n            minimum: 1 and maximum: 50\n          required: false\n          type: integer\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/GetClosestPointResponse'\n\
  \        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Spatial Closestpoint Format\n      tags:\n        - Spatial\n  /spatial/pointInPolygon/{format}:\n    post:\n      x-publish: true\n      description: >-\n    \n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (57 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-spatial-service-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-spatial-service-openapi-original.yml
tags: []
---
