---
aid: microsoft-azure:azure-maps-render-service
baseURL: ''
description: Microsoft Azure Maps Render Service is a powerful tool that allows developers to easily create interactive maps for web and mobile applications. The service provides high-quality rendering of geographic data, allowing users to customize maps with different styles, layers, and annotations. With Azure Maps Render Service, developers can display complex spatial data in a visually appealing and interactive way, making it easier for users to navigate and explore geographic information.
humanURL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Microsoft Azure Maps Render Service
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-render-service-openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/
provider_name: Microsoft Azure
provider_slug: microsoft-azure
slug: azure-maps-render-service
source_filename: azure-maps-render-service-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "swagger: '2.0'\ninfo:\n  title: Microsoft Azure Azure Maps Render Service\n  version: '2.1'\n  description: Azure Maps Render REST APIs\nhost: atlas.microsoft.com\nschemes:\n  - https\nconsumes: []\nproduces:\n  - application/json\n  - application/xml\nsecurityDefinitions:\n  AADToken:\n    type: oauth2\n    authorizationUrl: https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize\n    flow: implicit\n    description: >-\n      These are the [Azure Active Directory\n      OAuth2](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/v1-overview)\n      Flows. When paired with [Azure role-based\n      access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/overview)\n      control it can be used to control access to Azure Maps REST APIs. Azure\n      role-based access controls are used to designate access to one or more\n      Azure Maps resource account or sub-resources. Any user, group, or service\n      principal can be granted access via a  built-in role\
  \ or a custom role\n      composed of one or more permissions to Azure Maps REST APIs.\n\n\n      To implement scenarios, we recommend viewing [authentication\n      concepts](https://aka.ms/amauth). In summary, this security definition\n      provides a solution for modeling application(s) via objects capable of\n      access control on specific APIs and scopes.\n\n\n      #### Notes\n\n      * This security definition **requires** the use of the `x-ms-client-id`\n      header to indicate which Azure Maps resource the application is requesting\n      access to. This can be acquired from the [Maps management\n      API](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails).\n\n      * \n\n      The `Authorization URL` is specific to the Azure public cloud instance.\n      Sovereign clouds have unique Authorization URLs and Azure Active directory\n      configurations. \n\n      * \n\n      The Azure role-based access control is configured from the [Azure\n      management plane](https://aka.ms/amrbac) via Azure\
  \ portal, PowerShell,\n      CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST APIs.\n\n      * \n\n      Usage of the [Azure Maps Web SDK](https://aka.ms/amaadmc) allows for\n      configuration based setup of an application for multiple use cases.\n\n      * Currently, Azure Active Directory [v1.0 or\n      v2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/azure-ad-endpoint-comparison)\n      supports Work, School, and Guests but does not support Personal accounts.\n    scopes:\n      https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default: https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  SharedKey:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared key that is provisioned when you [Create an Azure Maps\n      account](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/quick-demo-map-app#create-an-azure-maps-account)\n      in the Azure portal or using PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or REST API.\n\n       With this key, any application can access all REST API. In other words, this key can be used as a master key in the\
  \ account that they are issued in.\n\n       For publicly exposed applications, our recommendation is to use the [confidential client applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/authentication-best-practices#confidential-client-applications) approach to access Azure Maps REST APIs so your key can be securely stored.\n    name: subscription-key\n    in: query\n  SasToken:\n    type: apiKey\n    description: >-\n      This is a shared access signature token is created from the List SAS\n      operation on the [Azure Maps resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) through the\n      Azure management plane via Azure portal, PowerShell, CLI, Azure SDKs, or\n      REST APIs.\n\n       With this token, any application is authorized to access with Azure role-based access controls and fine-grain control to the expiration, rate, and region(s) of use for the particular token. In other words, the SAS Token can be used to allow applications to control access in a more secured way than the shared\
  \ key.\n\n       For publicly exposed applications, our recommendation is to configure a specific list of allowed origins on the [Map account resource](https://aka.ms/amauth) to limit rendering abuse and regularly renew the SAS Token.\n    name: SAS Token\n    in: header\nsecurity:\n  - AADToken:\n      - https://atlas.microsoft.com/.default\n  - SharedKey: []\n  - SasToken: []\nresponses:\n  '400':\n    description: >-\n      Bad request: one or more parameters were incorrectly specified or are\n      mutually exclusive.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '401':\n    description: >-\n      Access denied due to invalid subscription key or invalid Azure Active\n      Directory bearer token.  Make sure to provide a valid key for an active\n      Azure subscription and Maps resource.  Otherwise, verify the\n      [WWW-Authenticate](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-3.1) header\n      for error code and description of the provided AAD bearer token.\n\
  \    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n    headers:\n      WWW-Authenticate:\n        type: string\n        description: >-\n          Bearer realm=\"https://atlas.microsoft.com/\", error=\"invalid_token\",\n          error_description=\"The access token expired\"\n  '403':\n    description: Permission, capacity, or authentication issues.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '404':\n    description: >-\n      Not Found: the requested resource could not be found, but it may be\n      available again in the future.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\n  '500':\n    description: An error occurred while processing the request. Please try again later.\n    schema:\n      $ref: '#/definitions/ODataErrorResponse'\nparameters:\n  ClientId:\n    name: x-ms-client-id\n    description: >-\n      Specifies which account is intended for usage in conjunction with the\n      Azure AD security model.  It represents a unique ID\
  \ for the Azure Maps\n      account and can be retrieved from Azure Maps management  plane Account\n      API. To use Azure AD security in Azure Maps see the following\n      [articles](https://aka.ms/amauthdetails) for guidance.\n    type: string\n    in: header\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  SubscriptionKey:\n    name: subscription-key\n    description: >-\n      One of the Azure Maps keys provided from an Azure Map Account. Please\n      refer to this\n      [article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-maps/how-to-manage-authentication)\n      for details on how to manage authentication.\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: false\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  ApiVersion:\n    name: api-version\n    description: Version number of Azure Maps API. Current version is 2.1\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: true\n    default: '2.0'\n    x-ms-parameter-location: client\n  TilesetId_rv2:\n    name: tilesetId\n    description:\
  \ >-\n      A tileset is a collection of raster or vector data broken up into a\n      uniform grid of square tiles at preset  zoom levels. Every tileset has a\n      **tilesetId** to use when making requests. The **tilesetId** for tilesets\n      created using [Azure Maps Creator](https://aka.ms/amcreator) are generated\n      through the  [Tileset Create\n      API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/maps-creator/tileset). The\n      ready-to-use tilesets supplied  by Azure Maps are listed below. For\n      example, microsoft.base.\n    type: string\n    in: query\n    required: true\n    enum:\n      - microsoft.base\n      - microsoft.base.labels\n      - microsoft.base.hybrid\n      - microsoft.terra.main\n      - microsoft.base.road\n      - microsoft.base.darkgrey\n      - microsoft.base.labels.road\n      - microsoft.base.hybrid.road\n      - microsoft.imagery\n      - microsoft.weather.radar.main\n      - microsoft.weather.infrared.main\n      - microsoft.dem\n      - microsoft.dem.contours\n\
  \    x-ms-enum:\n      name: TilesetID\n      modelAsString: true\n      values:\n        - value: microsoft.base\n          description: >-\n            A base map is a standard map that displays roads, natural and\n            artificial features along with the labels for those features in a\n            vector tile.<br>\n\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 22. Format: vector (pbf).\n        - value: microsoft.base.labels\n          description: >-\n            Displays labels for roads, natural and artificial features in a\n            vector tile.<br>\n\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 22. Format: vector (pbf).\n        - value: microsoft.base.hybrid\n          description: |-\n            Displays road, boundary and label data in a vector tile.<br>\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 22. Format: vector (pbf).\n        - value: microsoft.terra.main\n          description: |-\n            Shaded relief and terra layers.<br>\n\n            Supports zoom\
  \ levels 0 through 6. Format: raster (png).\n        - value: microsoft.base.road\n          description: |-\n            All layers with our main style.<br>\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 22. Format: raster (png).\n        - value: microsoft.base.darkgrey\n          description: |-\n            All layers with our dark grey style.<br>\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 22. Format: raster (png).\n        - value: microsoft.base.labels.road\n          description: |-\n            Label data in our main style.<br>\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 22. Format: raster (png).\n        - value: microsoft.base.hybrid.road\n          description: |-\n            Road, boundary and label data in our main style.<br>\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 22. Format: raster (png).\n        - value: microsoft.imagery\n          description: >-\n            A combination of satellite and aerial imagery. Only available in S1\n            pricing SKU.<br>\n\
  \n\n            Supports zoom levels 1 through 19. Format: raster (jpeg).\n        - value: microsoft.weather.radar.main\n          description: >-\n            Weather radar tiles. Latest weather radar images including areas of\n            rain, snow, ice and mixed conditions. Please see [coverage\n            information](https://aka.ms/AzureMapsWeatherCoverage) for Azure Maps\n            Weather service.  To learn more about the Radar data, please see\n            [Weather concepts](https://aka.ms/AzureMapsWeatherConcepts).<br>\n\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 15. Format: raster (png).\n        - value: microsoft.weather.infrared.main\n          description: >-\n            Weather infrared tiles. Latest Infrared Satellite images shows\n            clouds by their temperature.  Please see [coverage\n            information](https://aka.ms/AzureMapsWeatherCoverage) for Azure Maps\n            Weather service. To learn more about the returned Satellite data,\n       \
  \     please see [Weather\n            concepts](https://aka.ms/AzureMapsWeatherConcepts).<br>\n\n\n            Supports zoom levels 0 through 15. Format: raster (png).\n        - value: microsoft.dem\n          description: >-\n            Digital Elevation Model tiles. The tiles are in the GeoTIFF format\n            with a single 32-bit floating point band. The tiles cover the whole\n            landmass of Earth. Some small islands (e.g., atolls) might not be\n            represented accurately.<br>\n\n            * The vertical unit for measurement of elevation height is meters.\n            An elevation value of -32767.0 is used for points that have no data\n            value, most often returned where there isn't landmass (i.e.\n            water).<br>\n\n            * The horizontal reference datum is the World Geodetic System 1984\n            (WGS84-G1150) and the vertical reference datum is the Earth\n            Gravitational Model 2008 (EGM2008).<br>\n\n            * Tiles\
  \ are 258x258 pixel squares rather than the standard 256 x\n            256. This is done to allow for accurate interpolation of values at\n            the tile edges. As such adjacent tiles overlap by 1 pixel along all\n            edges.<br>\n\n            * Tile data comes from the [Airbus WorldDEM4Ortho\n            product](https://www.intelligence-airbusds.com/worlddem-streaming/).\n            Urban areas are approximately leveled down to ground level. All\n            other areas are represented by the object surface level (e.g.,\n            trees). <br>\n\n\n            Supports zoom level 13 only. Format: raster (tiff).\n        - value: microsoft.dem.contours\n          description: >-\n            Digital elevation contour line tiles. Compared to the microsoft.dem\n            option, these tiles are in vector format and intended for\n            visualization purpose. The tiles cover the whole landmass of Earth.\n            Some small islands (e.g., atolls) might not be\
  \ represented\n            accurately.<br>\n\n            * The vertical unit for measurement of elevation height is\n            meters.<br>\n\n            * The horizontal reference datum is the World Geodetic System 1984\n            (WGS84-G1150) and the vertical reference datum is the Earth\n            Gravitational Model 2008 (EGM2008).<br>\n\n            * Tile data comes from the [Airbus WorldDEM4Ortho\n            product](https://www.intelligence-airbusds.com/worlddem-streaming/).\n            Urban areas are approximately leveled down to ground level. All\n            other areas are represented by the object surface level (e.g.,\n            trees).<br>\n\n\n            Supports zoom levels 9 through 14. Format: vector (pbf).\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  xTileIndex:\n    name: x\n    x-ms-client-name: xTileIndex\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      X coordinate of the tile on zoom grid. Value must be in the range [0,\n      2<sup>`zoom`</sup> -1].\n\n\n  \
  \    Please see [Zoom Levels and Tile\n      Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/location-based-services/zoom-levels-and-tile-grid)\n      for details.\n    required: true\n    type: integer\n    format: int32\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  yTileIndex:\n    name: 'y'\n    x-ms-client-name: yTileIndex\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      Y coordinate of the tile on zoom grid. Value must be in the range [0,\n      2<sup>`zoom`</sup> -1].\n\n\n      Please see [Zoom Levels and Tile\n      Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/location-based-services/zoom-levels-and-tile-grid)\n      for details.\n    required: true\n    type: integer\n    format: int32\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  MapTileV2Zoom:\n    name: zoom\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      Zoom level for the desired tile. Please find TilesetID list below for more\n      details on supported zoom level for each tilesetId.<br>\n\n\n      Please see [Zoom Levels and Tile\n      Grid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/location-based-services/zoom-levels-and-tile-grid)\n\
  \      for details.\n    required: true\n    type: integer\n    format: int32\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  Language:\n    name: language\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      Language in which search results should be returned. Should be one of\n      supported IETF language tags, case insensitive. When data in specified\n      language is not available for a specific field, default language is used.\n\n\n      Please refer to [Supported\n      Languages](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-maps/supported-languages)\n      for details.\n    required: false\n    type: string\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  Text:\n    name: text\n    in: query\n    description: >-\n      Yes/no value to exclude textual data from response. Only images and\n      country names will be in response.\n    required: false\n    type: string\n    enum:\n      - 'yes'\n      - 'no'\n    default: 'yes'\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n  View:\n    name: view\n    in: query\n \
  \   description: >-\n      The View parameter specifies which set of geopolitically disputed content\n      is returned via Azure Maps services, including  borders and labels\n      displayed on the map. The View parameter (also referred to as “user region\n      parameter”) will show the  correct maps for that country/region. By\n      default, the View parameter is set to “Unified” even if you haven’t\n      defined it in  the request. It is your responsibility to determine the\n      location of your users, and then set the View parameter correctly  for\n      that location. Alternatively, you have the option to set ‘View=Auto’,\n      which will return the map data based on the IP  address of the request.\n      The View parameter in Azure Maps must be used in compliance with\n      applicable laws, including those  regarding mapping, of the country where\n      maps, images and other data and third party content that you are\n      authorized to  access via Azure Maps is made available.\
  \ Example: view=IN.\n\n\n      Please refer to [Supported\n      Views](https://aka.ms/AzureMapsLocalizationViews) for details and to see\n      the available Views.\n    required: false\n    type: string\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\npaths:\n  /map/tile:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing tiers.<br><br>The Get Map Tiles API\n        allows users to request map tiles in vector or raster formats typically\n        to be integrated  into a map control or SDK. Some example tiles that can\n        be requested are Azure Maps road tiles, real-time  Weather Radar tiles\n        or the map tiles created using [Azure Maps\n        Creator](https://aka.ms/amcreator). By default,  Azure Maps uses vector\n        tiles for its web map control (Web SDK) and Android SDK.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureRenderv2Getmaptile\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetMapTile:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetMapTileV2.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n\
  \        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TilesetId_rv2'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/MapTileV2Zoom'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/xTileIndex'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/yTileIndex'\n        - name: timeStamp\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The desired date and time of the requested tile. This parameter must\n            be specified in the standard date-time format (e.g.\n            2019-11-14T16:03:00-08:00), as defined by [ISO\n            8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601). This parameter is\n            only supported when tilesetId parameter is set to one of the values\n            below.\n              \n            * microsoft.weather.infrared.main: We provide tiles up to 3 hours in\n            the past. Tiles are available in 10-minute intervals. We round the\n            timeStamp value to the nearest 10-minute time frame.\n\n            * microsoft.weather.radar.main:\
  \ We provide tiles up to 1.5 hours in\n            the past and up to 2 hours in the future. Tiles are available in\n            5-minute intervals. We round the timeStamp value to the nearest\n            5-minute time frame.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: tileSize\n          in: query\n          description: The size of the returned map tile in pixels.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          default: '256'\n          enum:\n            - '256'\n            - '512'\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: TileSize\n            modelAsString: true\n            values:\n              - value: '256'\n                description: >-\n                  Return a 256 by 256 pixel tile. Available for all tilesetIds\n                  except for\n\n                  * microsoft.terra.main\n              - value: '512'\n                description: >-\n                  Return a 512 by 512 pixel tile.  Available for all tilesetIds\n   \
  \               except for \n\n                  * microsoft.weather.radar.main\n\n                  * microsoft.weather.infrared.main\n\n                  * microsoft.base.hybrid\n\n                  * microsoft.dem\n\n                  * microsoft.imagery\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/Language'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/View'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/MapTileResultv2'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Map Tile\n      tags:\n        - Map\n  /map/tileset:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing tiers.<br><br>The Get Map Tileset API\n        allows users to request\
  \ metadata for a tileset.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureRenderv2Getmaptileset\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetMapTile:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetMapTilesetV2.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TilesetId_rv2'\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/MapTilesetResultV2'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Map Tileset\n      tags:\n        - Map\n  /map/attribution:\n    get:\n      description: >-\n        **Applies to**: S0 and S1 pricing tiers.<br><br>The Get\
  \ Map Attribution\n        API allows users to request map copyright attribution information for a\n        section of a tileset.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureRenderv2Getmapattribution\n      x-ms-examples:\n        GetMapTile:\n          $ref: ./examples/GetMapAttributionV2.json\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ClientId'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/SubscriptionKey'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/ApiVersion'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/TilesetId_rv2'\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/MapTileV2Zoom'\n        - name: bounds\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The string that represents the rectangular area of a bounding box.\n            The bounds parameter is defined by the 4 bounding box coordinates,\n            with WGS84 longitude and latitude of the southwest corner followed\n            by  WGS84 longitude and latitude of the northeast corner. The string\n            is presented in the following  format: `[SouthwestCorner_Longitude,\n\
  \            SouthwestCorner_Latitude, NortheastCorner_Longitude,  NortheastCorner_Latitude]`.\n          required: true\n          type: array\n          collectionFormat: csv\n          items:\n            type: string\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: OK\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/MapAttributionResultV2'\n        '400':\n          $ref: '#/responses/400'\n        '401':\n          $ref: '#/responses/401'\n        '403':\n          $ref: '#/responses/403'\n        '404':\n          $ref: '#/responses/404'\n        '500':\n          $ref: '#/responses/500'\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Get Map Attribution\n      tags:\n        - Map\ndefinitions:\n  ODataErrorResponse:\n    type: object\n    description: This response object is returned when an error occurs in the Maps API.\n    properties:\n      error:\n        $ref: '#/definitions/ODataError'\n  ODataError:\n    type: object\n    description:\
  \ This object is returned when an error occurs in the Maps API.\n    properties:\n      code:\n        type: string\n        readOnly: true\n        description: The ODataError code.\n      message:\n        type: string\n        readOnly: true\n        description: If available, a human readable description of the error.\n      details:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/ODataError'\n      target:\n        type: string\n        readOnly: true\n        description: If available, the target causing the error.\n  MapTileResultv2:\n    description: The tile returned from a successful API call.\n    type: string\n    format: binary\n    readOnly: true\n  MapTilesetResultV2:\n    description: Metadata for a tileset in the TileJSON format.\n    type: object\n    readOnly: true\n    properties:\n      tilejson:\n        type: string\n        pattern: \\d+\\.\\d+\\.\\d+\\w?[\\w\\d]*\n        description: Version of the TileJSON spec.\n      name:\n        type:\
  \ string\n        description: Name of the tileset.\n      description:\n        type: string\n        description: Text description of the tileset.\n      version:\n        type: string\n        pattern: \\d+\\.\\d+\\.\\d+\\w?[\\w\\d]*\n        description: >-\n          A semver.org style version number for the tiles contained within the\n          tileset.\n      attribution:\n        type: string\n        description: Copyright attribution to be displayed on the map.\n      template:\n        type: string\n        description: >-\n          A mustache template to be used to format data from grids for\n          interaction.\n      legend:\n        type: string\n        description: A legend to be displayed with the map.\n      scheme:\n        type: string\n        description: >-\n          Default: \"xyz\". Either \"xyz\" or \"tms\". Influences the y direction of\n          the tile coordinates.\n      tiles:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          type: string\n        description:\
  \ An array of tile endpoints.\n      grids:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          type: string\n        description: An array of interactivity endpoints.\n      data:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          type: string\n        description: An array of data files in GeoJSON format.\n      minzoom:\n        minimum: 0\n        maximum: 30\n        type: integer\n        description: The minimum zoom level.\n      maxzoom:\n        minimum: 0\n        maximum: 30\n        type: integer\n        description: The maximum zoom level.\n      bounds:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          type: number\n        description: The WGS84 bounds of the tileset.\n      center:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          type: number\n        description: >-\n          The default location of the tileset in the form [longitude, latitude,\n          zoom].\n  MapAttributionResultV2:\n    description: Copyright attribution for the requested section of a tileset.\n    type:\
  \ object\n    readOnly: true\n    properties:\n      copyrights:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          type: string\n        description: A list of copyright strings.\ntags:\n  - name: Map\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/azure-maps-render-service-openapi-original.yml
tags: []
---
