---
aid: microsoft-azure-one:batch-document-translation-client
baseURL: ''
description: The Microsoft Azure Batch Document Translation Client is a service that allows users to easily translate large volumes of text and documents into multiple languages. This client utilizes Azure Batch, a cloud-based parallel processing service, to efficiently translate large quantities of documents in a short amount of time. Users can simply upload their documents to the Azure Batch service, select the desired target languages, and then let the client handle the rest.
humanURL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/translator/document-translation/quickstarts/client-library-sdks
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Microsoft Azure Batch Document Translation Client
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/batch-document-translation-client-openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/translator/document-translation/quickstarts/client-library-sdks
provider_name: Microsoft Azure
provider_slug: microsoft-azure
slug: batch-document-translation-client
source_filename: batch-document-translation-client-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "swagger: '2.0'\ninfo:\n  title: Microsoft Azure Batch Document Translation Client\n  version: v1.1\npaths:\n  /batches:\n    post:\n      tags:\n        - Document Translation\n      summary: >-\n        Microsoft Azure Submit A Document Translation Request To The Document Translation Service\n      description: >-\n        Use this API to submit a bulk (batch) translation request to the\n        Document Translation service.<br>Each request can contain multiple\n        documents and must contain a source and destination container for each\n        document.<br>            <br>The prefix and suffix filter (if supplied)\n        are used to filter folders. The prefix is applied to the subpath after\n        the container name.<br>            <br>Glossaries / Translation memory\n        can be included in the request and are applied by the service when the\n        document is translated.<br>            <br>If the glossary is invalid or\n        unreachable during translation,\
  \ an error is indicated in the document\n        status.<br>If a file with the same name already exists at the\n        destination, it will be overwritten. The targetUrl for each target\n        language must be unique.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureDocumenttranslationStarttranslation\n      consumes:\n        - application/json\n        - text/json\n        - application/*+json\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      parameters:\n        - required: true\n          in: body\n          name: body\n          description: request details\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/StartTranslationDetails'\n      responses:\n        '202':\n          description: >-\n            Successful request and the batch request is created by the service.  The header Operation-Location will indicate a status url with the\n            operation id.\n          headers:\n            Operation-Location:\n              description: Location of batch the operation\n            \
  \  type: string\n              format: ''\n        default:\n          description: Internal Server Error\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Internal Server Error\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Unexpected internal server error has occurred\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Batch Submit:\n          $ref: ./examples/batch.json\n      x-ms-long-running-operation: true\n      x-ms-long-running-operation-options:\n        final-state-via: location\n    get:\n      tags:\n        - Document Translation\n      summary: >-\n        Microsoft Azure Returns A List Of Batch Requests Submitted And The\
  \ Status For Each Request\n      description: >-\n        Returns a list of batch requests submitted and the status for each\n        request.<br>This list only contains batch requests submitted by the user\n        (based on the resource).<br>            <br>If the number of requests\n        exceeds our paging limit, server-side paging is used. Paginated\n        responses indicate a partial result and include a continuation token in\n        the response.<br>The absence of a continuation token means that no\n        additional pages are available.<br>            <br>$top, $skip and\n        $maxpagesize query parameters can be used to specify a number of results\n        to return and an offset for the collection.<br>            <br>$top\n        indicates the total number of records the user wants to be returned\n        across all pages.<br>$skip indicates the number of records to skip from\n        the list of batches based on the sorting method specified.  By default,\n        we\
  \ sort by descending start time.<br>$maxpagesize is the maximum items\n        returned in a page.  If more items are requested via $top (or $top is\n        not specified and there are more items to be returned), @nextLink will\n        contain the link to the next page.<br>            <br>$orderBy query\n        parameter can be used to sort the returned list (ex\n        \"$orderBy=createdDateTimeUtc asc\" or \"$orderBy=createdDateTimeUtc\n        desc\").<br>The default sorting is descending by\n        createdDateTimeUtc.<br>Some query parameters can be used to filter the\n        returned list (ex: \"status=Succeeded,Cancelled\") will only return\n        succeeded and cancelled operations.<br>createdDateTimeUtcStart and\n        createdDateTimeUtcEnd can be used combined or separately to specify a\n        range of datetime to filter the returned list by.<br>The supported\n        filtering query parameters are (status, ids, createdDateTimeUtcStart,\n        createdDateTimeUtcEnd).<br>\
  \            <br>The server honors the values\n        specified by the client. However, clients must be prepared to handle\n        responses that contain a different page size or contain a continuation\n        token.<br>            <br>When both $top and $skip are included, the\n        server should first apply $skip and then $top on the\n        collection.<br>Note: If the server can't honor $top and/or $skip, the\n        server must return an error to the client informing about it instead of\n        just ignoring the query options.<br>This reduces the risk of the client\n        making assumptions about the data returned.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureDocumenttranslationGettranslationsstatus\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      parameters:\n        - in: query\n          name: $top\n          description: \"$top indicates the total number of records the user wants to be returned across all pages.\\r\\n            \\r\\nClients MAY use $top and $skip query parameters\
  \ to specify a number of results to return and an offset into the collection.\\r\\nWhen both $top and $skip are given by a client, the server SHOULD first apply $skip and then $top on the collection.\\r\\n            \\r\\nNote: If the server can't honor $top and/or $skip, the server MUST return an error to the client informing about it instead of just ignoring the query options.\"\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          maximum: 2147483647\n          minimum: 0\n        - in: query\n          name: $skip\n          description: \"$skip indicates the number of records to skip from the list of records held by the server based on the sorting method specified.  By default, we sort by descending start time.\\r\\n            \\r\\nClients MAY use $top and $skip query parameters to specify a number of results to return and an offset into the collection.\\r\\nWhen both $top and $skip are given by a client, the server SHOULD first apply $skip and then $top on the collection.\\\
  r\\n            \\r\\nNote: If the server can't honor $top and/or $skip, the server MUST return an error to the client informing about it instead of just ignoring the query options.\"\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          default: 0\n          maximum: 2147483647\n          minimum: 0\n        - in: query\n          name: $maxpagesize\n          description: \"$maxpagesize is the maximum items returned in a page.  If more items are requested via $top (or $top is not specified and there are more items to be returned), @nextLink will contain the link to the next page.\\r\\n            \\r\\nClients MAY request server-driven paging with a specific page size by specifying a $maxpagesize preference. The server SHOULD honor this preference if the specified page size is smaller than the server's default page size.\"\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          default: 50\n          maximum: 100\n          minimum: 1\n        - in: query\n          name:\
  \ ids\n          description: Ids to use in filtering\n          type: array\n          items:\n            format: uuid\n            type: string\n          maxLength: 25\n          collectionFormat: csv\n        - in: query\n          name: statuses\n          description: Statuses to use in filtering\n          type: array\n          items:\n            type: string\n          maxLength: 5\n          collectionFormat: csv\n        - in: query\n          name: createdDateTimeUtcStart\n          description: the start datetime to get items after\n          type: string\n          format: date-time\n        - in: query\n          name: createdDateTimeUtcEnd\n          description: the end datetime to get items before\n          type: string\n          format: date-time\n        - in: query\n          name: $orderBy\n          description: >-\n            the sorting query for the collection (ex: 'CreatedDateTimeUtc asc',\n            'CreatedDateTimeUtc desc')\n          type: array\n\
  \          items:\n            type: string\n          maxLength: 1\n          collectionFormat: csv\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Successful request and returns the status of the all the operations\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationsStatus'\n          headers:\n            Retry-After:\n              description: Indicates how long to wait before making a new request.\n              type: integer\n              format: int32\n            ETag:\n              description: >-\n                The ETag response-header field provides the current value of the\n                entity tag for the requested variant. Used with If-Match,\n                If-None-Match and If-Range to implement optimistic concurrency\n                control.\n              type: string\n              format: ''\n        '400':\n          description: Invalid request.  Check input parameters\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n\
  \          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"InvalidRequest\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Some argument is incorrect\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"SASTokenInvalid\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"SAS token for storage is invalid\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '401':\n          description: Unauthorized.  Please check your credentials\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User is not authorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Operation is not authorized\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\
  \n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '429':\n          description: Too many requests\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"RequestRateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User's request rate is too high\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"RateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Request rate is too high\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '500':\n          description: Internal Server Error\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Internal Server Error\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"\
  innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Unexpected internal server error has occurred\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '503':\n          description: Server temporary unavailable\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceUnavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is temporary unavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceTemporaryUnavailable\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is currently unavailable.  Please try again later\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Get status for batch operations:\n          $ref: ./examples/operations.json\n      x-ms-pageable:\n        nextLinkName:\
  \ '@nextLink'\n  /batches/{id}/documents/{documentId}:\n    get:\n      tags:\n        - Document Translation\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Returns The Status For A Specific Document\n      description: >-\n        Returns the translation status for a specific document based on the\n        request Id and document Id.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureDocumenttranslationGetdocumentstatus\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      parameters:\n        - in: path\n          name: id\n          description: Format - uuid.  The batch id\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          format: uuid\n        - in: path\n          name: documentId\n          description: Format - uuid.  The document id\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          format: uuid\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: >-\n            Successful request and it is accepted by the service.  The operation\n            details are returned\n          schema:\n\
  \            $ref: '#/definitions/DocumentStatus'\n          headers:\n            Retry-After:\n              description: Indicates how long to wait before making a new request.\n              type: integer\n              format: int32\n            ETag:\n              description: >-\n                The ETag response-header field provides the current value of the\n                entity tag for the requested variant. Used with If-Match,\n                If-None-Match and If-Range to implement optimistic concurrency\n                control.\n              type: string\n              format: ''\n        '401':\n          description: Unauthorized.  Please check your credentials\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User is not authorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\\
  n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Operation is not authorized\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '404':\n          description: Resource is not found\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"id not found\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Resource requested is not found\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '429':\n          description: Too many requests\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\\
  r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"RequestRateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User's request rate is too high\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"RateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Request rate is too high\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '500':\n          description: Internal Server Error\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Internal Server Error\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Unexpected internal server error has occurred\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '503':\n          description:\
  \ Server temporary unavailable\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceUnavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is temporary unavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceTemporaryUnavailable\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is currently unavailable.  Please try again later\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Get Document Status:\n          $ref: ./examples/document.json\n  /batches/{id}:\n    get:\n      tags:\n        - Document Translation\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Returns The Status For A Document Translation Request\n      description: >-\n        Returns the status for a document translation request.<br>The status\n        includes the overall request status,\
  \ as well as the status for documents\n        that are being translated as part of that request.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureDocumenttranslationGettranslationstatus\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      parameters:\n        - in: path\n          name: id\n          description: Format - uuid.  The operation id\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          format: uuid\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: >-\n            Successful request and returns the status of the batch translation\n            operation\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationStatus'\n          headers:\n            Retry-After:\n              description: Indicates how long to wait before making a new request.\n              type: integer\n              format: int32\n            ETag:\n              description: >-\n                The ETag response-header field provides the current value of the\n                entity tag for the requested\
  \ variant. Used with If-Match,\n                If-None-Match and If-Range to implement optimistic concurrency\n                control.\n              type: string\n              format: ''\n        '401':\n          description: Unauthorized.  Please check your credentials\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User is not authorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Operation is not authorized\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '404':\n          description: Resource is not found\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\
  \": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"id not found\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Resource requested is not found\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '429':\n          description: Too many requests\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"RequestRateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User's request rate is too high\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"RateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Request rate is too high\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '500':\n          description: Internal Server Error\n\
  \          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Internal Server Error\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Unexpected internal server error has occurred\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '503':\n          description: Server temporary unavailable\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceUnavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is temporary unavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceTemporaryUnavailable\\\
  \",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is currently unavailable.  Please try again later\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Get Batch Operation Status:\n          $ref: ./examples/operation.json\n    delete:\n      tags:\n        - Document Translation\n      summary: Microsoft Azure Cancel A Currently Processing Or Queued Translation\n      description: >-\n        Cancel a currently processing or queued translation.<br>A translation\n        will not be cancelled if it is already completed or failed or\n        cancelling. A bad request will be returned.<br>All documents that have\n        completed translation will not be cancelled and will be charged.<br>All\n        pending documents will be cancelled if possible.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureDocumenttranslationCanceltranslation\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n      parameters:\n        - in: path\n          name: id\n          description: Format\
  \ - uuid.  The operation-id\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          format: uuid\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Cancel request has been submitted\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationStatus'\n        '401':\n          description: Unauthorized.  Please check your credentials\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User is not authorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Operation is not authorized\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '404':\n          description: Resource is not found\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n\
  \          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"id not found\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Resource requested is not found\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '429':\n          description: Too many requests\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"RequestRateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User's request rate is too high\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"RateTooHigh\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Request rate is too high\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response:\
  \ true\n        '500':\n          description: Internal Server Error\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Internal Server Error\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"InternalServerError\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Unexpected internal server error has occurred\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '503':\n          description: Server temporary unavailable\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceUnavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is temporary unavailable\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"batch\\\",\\r\\\
  n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ServiceTemporaryUnavailable\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Service is currently unavailable.  Please try again later\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Cancel a batch operation example:\n          $ref: ./examples/cancel.json\n  /batches/{id}/documents:\n    get:\n      tags:\n        - Document Translation\n      summary: >-\n        Microsoft Azure Returns The Status For All Documents In A Batch Document Translation Request\n      description: >-\n        Returns the status for all documents in a batch document translation\n        request.<br>            <br>If the number of documents in the response\n        exceeds our paging limit, server-side paging is used.<br>Paginated\n        responses indicate a partial result and include a continuation token in\n        the response. The absence of a continuation token means that no\n        additional pages are available.<br>\
  \            <br>$top, $skip and\n        $maxpagesize query parameters can be used to specify a number of results\n        to return and an offset for the collection.<br>            <br>$top\n        indicates the total number of records the user wants to be returned\n        across all pages.<br>$skip indicates the number of records to skip from\n        the list of document status held by the server based on the sorting\n        method specified.  By default, we sort by descending start\n        time.<br>$maxpagesize is the maximum items returned in a page.  If more\n        items are requested via $top (or $top is not specified and there are\n        more items to be returned), @nextLink will contain the link to the next\n        page.<br>            <br>$orderBy query parameter can be used to sort\n        the returned list (ex \"$orderBy=createdDateTimeUtc asc\" or\n        \"$orderBy=createdDateTimeUtc desc\").<br>The default sorting is\n        descending by createdDateTimeUtc.<br>Some\
  \ query parameters can be used\n        to filter the returned list (ex: \"status=Succeeded,Cancelled\") will only\n        return succeeded and cancelled documents.<br>createdDateTimeUtcStart and\n        createdDateTimeUtcEnd can be used combined or separately to specify a\n        range of datetime to filter the returned list by.<br>The supported\n        filtering query parameters are (status, ids, createdDateTimeUtcStart,\n        createdDateTimeUtcEnd).<br>            <br>When both $top and $skip are\n        included, the server should first apply $skip and then $top on the\n        collection.<br>Note: If the server can't honor $top and/or $skip, the\n        server must return an error to the client informing about it instead of\n        just ignoring the query options.<br>This reduces the risk of the client\n        making assumptions about the data returned.\n      operationId: microsoftAzureDocumenttranslationGetdocumentsstatus\n      produces:\n        - application/json\n\
  \      parameters:\n        - in: path\n          name: id\n          description: Format - uuid.  The operation id\n          required: true\n          type: string\n          format: uuid\n        - in: query\n          name: $top\n          description: \"$top indicates the total number of records the user wants to be returned across all pages.\\r\\n            \\r\\nClients MAY use $top and $skip query parameters to specify a number of results to return and an offset into the collection.\\r\\nWhen both $top and $skip are given by a client, the server SHOULD first apply $skip and then $top on the collection.\\r\\n            \\r\\nNote: If the server can't honor $top and/or $skip, the server MUST return an error to the client informing about it instead of just ignoring the query options.\"\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          maximum: 2147483647\n          minimum: 0\n        - in: query\n          name: $skip\n          description: \"$skip indicates the number\
  \ of records to skip from the list of records held by the server based on the sorting method specified.  By default, we sort by descending start time.\\r\\n            \\r\\nClients MAY use $top and $skip query parameters to specify a number of results to return and an offset into the collection.\\r\\nWhen both $top and $skip are given by a client, the server SHOULD first apply $skip and then $top on the collection.\\r\\n            \\r\\nNote: If the server can't honor $top and/or $skip, the server MUST return an error to the client informing about it instead of just ignoring the query options.\"\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          default: 0\n          maximum: 2147483647\n          minimum: 0\n        - in: query\n          name: $maxpagesize\n          description: \"$maxpagesize is the maximum items returned in a page.  If more items are requested via $top (or $top is not specified and there are more items to be returned), @nextLink will contain the link to\
  \ the next page.\\r\\n            \\r\\nClients MAY request server-driven paging with a specific page size by specifying a $maxpagesize preference. The server SHOULD honor this preference if the specified page size is smaller than the server's default page size.\"\n          type: integer\n          format: int32\n          default: 50\n          maximum: 100\n          minimum: 1\n        - in: query\n          name: ids\n          description: Ids to use in filtering\n          type: array\n          items:\n            format: uuid\n            type: string\n          maxLength: 25\n          collectionFormat: csv\n        - in: query\n          name: statuses\n          description: Statuses to use in filtering\n          type: array\n          items:\n            type: string\n          maxLength: 5\n          collectionFormat: csv\n        - in: query\n          name: createdDateTimeUtcStart\n          description: the start datetime to get items after\n          type: string\n \
  \         format: date-time\n        - in: query\n          name: createdDateTimeUtcEnd\n          description: the end datetime to get items before\n          type: string\n          format: date-time\n        - in: query\n          name: $orderBy\n          description: >-\n            the sorting query for the collection (ex: 'CreatedDateTimeUtc asc',\n            'CreatedDateTimeUtc desc')\n          type: array\n          items:\n            type: string\n          maxLength: 1\n          collectionFormat: csv\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Successful request and returns the status of the documents\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/DocumentsStatus'\n          headers:\n            Retry-After:\n              description: Indicates how long to wait before making a new request.\n              type: integer\n              format: int32\n            ETag:\n              description: >-\n                The ETag response-header field provides\
  \ the current value of the\n                entity tag for the requested variant. Used with If-Match,\n                If-None-Match and If-Range to implement optimistic concurrency\n                control.\n              type: string\n              format: ''\n        '400':\n          description: Invalid request.  Check input parameters\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"InvalidRequest\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"Some argument is incorrect\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"SASTokenInvalid\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"SAS token for storage is invalid\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '401':\n          description: Unauthorized.  Please check your credentials\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n\
  \          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"User is not authorized\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"Unauthorized\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Operation is not authorized\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x-ms-error-response: true\n        '404':\n          description: Resource is not found\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/TranslationErrorResponse'\n          examples:\n            application/json: \"{\\r\\n  \\\"error\\\": {\\r\\n    \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"message\\\": \\\"id not found\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"target\\\": \\\"document\\\",\\r\\n    \\\"innerError\\\": {\\r\\n      \\\"code\\\": \\\"ResourceNotFound\\\",\\r\\n      \\\"message\\\": \\\"Resource requested is not found\\\"\\r\\n    }\\r\\n  }\\r\\n}\"\n          x\n\n# --- truncated\
  \ at 32 KB (54 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/batch-document-translation-client-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/batch-document-translation-client-openapi-original.yml
tags: []
---
