---
aid: microsoft-azure-one:entity-search-client
baseURL: ''
description: The Microsoft Azure Entity Search Client is a tool that allows developers to build powerful search capabilities into their applications. This client enables users to query and retrieve information from a variety of sources, such as databases, files, and web services, and to deliver accurate and relevant search results.
humanURL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/overview/azure/search.documents-readme?view=azure-dotnet
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Microsoft Azure Entity Search Client
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/entity-search-client-openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/overview/azure/search.documents-readme?view=azure-dotnet
provider_name: Microsoft Azure
provider_slug: microsoft-azure
slug: entity-search-client
source_filename: entity-search-client-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "swagger: '2.0'\ninfo:\n  title: Microsoft Azure Entity Search Client\n  description: >-\n    The Entity Search API lets you send a search query to Bing and get back\n    search results that include entities and places. Place results include\n    restaurants, hotel, or other local businesses. For places, the query can\n    specify the name of the local business or it can ask for a list (for\n    example, restaurants near me). Entity results include persons, places, or\n    things. Place in this context is tourist attractions, states, countries,\n    etc.\n  version: '1.0'\nparameters:\n  x-bingapis-sdk:\n    name: X-BingApis-SDK\n    description: Activate swagger compliance\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n    required: true\n    type: string\n    in: header\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: XBingApisSDK\n      modelAsString: true\n    enum:\n      - 'true'\nx-ms-parameterized-host:\n  hostTemplate: '{Endpoint}'\n  useSchemePrefix: false\n  parameters:\n    - $ref: ../../../Common/Parameters.json#/parameters/GlobalEndpoint\n\
  host: api.cognitive.microsoft.com\nschemes:\n  - https\nbasePath: /bing/v7.0\nproduces:\n  - application/json\nsecurityDefinitions:\n  apiKeyHeader:\n    name: Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key\n    type: apiKey\n    in: header\nsecurity:\n  - apiKeyHeader: []\npaths:\n  /entities:\n    get:\n      summary: >-\n        Microsoft Azure The Entity Search Api Lets You Send A Search Query To Bing And Get Back Search Results That Include Entities And Places Place Results Include Restaurants, Hotel, Or Other Local Businesses For Places, The Query Can Specify The Name Of The Local Business Or It Can Ask For A List For Example, Restaurants Near Me  Entity Results Include Persons, Places, Or Things Place In This Context Is Tourist Attractions, States, Countries, Etc\n      operationId: microsoftAzureEntitiesSearch\n      tags:\n        - EntitySearch\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/x-bingapis-sdk'\n        - name: Accept\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            The\
  \ default media type is application/json. To specify that the\n            response use [JSON-LD](http://json-ld.org/), set the Accept header\n            to application/ld+json.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: Accept-Language\n          x-ms-client-name: AcceptLanguage\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            A comma-delimited list of one or more languages to use for user\n            interface strings. The list is in decreasing order of preference.\n            For additional information, including expected format, see\n            [RFC2616](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html).\n            This header and the setLang query parameter are mutually exclusive;\n            do not specify both. If you set this header, you must also specify\n            the cc query parameter. Bing will use the first supported language\n            it finds from the list, and combine that language with the cc\n            parameter\
  \ value to determine the market to return results for. If\n            the list does not include a supported language, Bing will find the\n            closest language and market that supports the request, and may use\n            an aggregated or default market for the results instead of a\n            specified one. You should use this header and the cc query parameter\n            only if you specify multiple languages; otherwise, you should use\n            the mkt and setLang query parameters. A user interface string is a\n            string that's used as a label in a user interface. There are very\n            few user interface strings in the JSON response objects. Any links\n            in the response objects to Bing.com properties will apply the\n            specified language.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: Pragma\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            By default, Bing returns cached content, if available. To prevent\n\
  \            Bing from returning cached content, set the Pragma header to\n            no-cache (for example, Pragma: no-cache).\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: User-Agent\n          x-ms-client-name: UserAgent\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            The user agent originating the request. Bing uses the user agent to\n            provide mobile users with an optimized experience. Although\n            optional, you are strongly encouraged to always specify this header.\n            The user-agent should be the same string that any commonly used\n            browser would send. For information about user agents, see [RFC\n            2616](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html).\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: X-MSEdge-ClientID\n          x-ms-client-name: ClientId\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            Bing uses this header to provide users with consistent\
  \ behavior\n            across Bing API calls. Bing often flights new features and\n            improvements, and it uses the client ID as a key for assigning\n            traffic on different flights. If you do not use the same client ID\n            for a user across multiple requests, then Bing may assign the user\n            to multiple conflicting flights. Being assigned to multiple\n            conflicting flights can lead to an inconsistent user experience. For\n            example, if the second request has a different flight assignment\n            than the first, the experience may be unexpected. Also, Bing can use\n            the client ID to tailor web results to that client ID’s search\n            history, providing a richer experience for the user. Bing also uses\n            this header to help improve result rankings by analyzing the\n            activity generated by a client ID. The relevance improvements help\n            with better quality of results delivered by\
  \ Bing APIs and in turn\n            enables higher click-through rates for the API consumer. IMPORTANT:\n            Although optional, you should consider this header required.\n            Persisting the client ID across multiple requests for the same end\n            user and device combination enables 1) the API consumer to receive a\n            consistent user experience, and 2) higher click-through rates via\n            better quality of results from the Bing APIs. Each user that uses\n            your application on the device must have a unique, Bing generated\n            client ID. If you do not include this header in the request, Bing\n            generates an ID and returns it in the X-MSEdge-ClientID response\n            header. The only time that you should NOT include this header in a\n            request is the first time the user uses your app on that device. Use\n            the client ID for each Bing API request that your app makes for this\n            user on\
  \ the device. Persist the client ID. To persist the ID in a\n            browser app, use a persistent HTTP cookie to ensure the ID is used\n            across all sessions. Do not use a session cookie. For other apps\n            such as mobile apps, use the device's persistent storage to persist\n            the ID. The next time the user uses your app on that device, get the\n            client ID that you persisted. Bing responses may or may not include\n            this header. If the response includes this header, capture the\n            client ID and use it for all subsequent Bing requests for the user\n            on that device. If you include the X-MSEdge-ClientID, you must not\n            include cookies in the request.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: X-MSEdge-ClientIP\n          x-ms-client-name: ClientIp\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the client device. The IP address is\n    \
  \        used to discover the user's location. Bing uses the location\n            information to determine safe search behavior. Although optional,\n            you are encouraged to always specify this header and the\n            X-Search-Location header. Do not obfuscate the address (for example,\n            by changing the last octet to 0). Obfuscating the address results in\n            the location not being anywhere near the device's actual location,\n            which may result in Bing serving erroneous results.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: X-Search-Location\n          x-ms-client-name: Location\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            A semicolon-delimited list of key/value pairs that describe the\n            client's geographical location. Bing uses the location information\n            to determine safe search behavior and to return relevant local\n            content. Specify the key/value pair as <key>:<value>.\
  \ The following\n            are the keys that you use to specify the user's location. lat\n            (required): The latitude of the client's location, in degrees. The\n            latitude must be greater than or equal to -90.0 and less than or\n            equal to +90.0. Negative values indicate southern latitudes and\n            positive values indicate northern latitudes. long (required): The\n            longitude of the client's location, in degrees. The longitude must\n            be greater than or equal to -180.0 and less than or equal to +180.0.\n            Negative values indicate western longitudes and positive values\n            indicate eastern longitudes. re (required): The radius, in meters,\n            which specifies the horizontal accuracy of the coordinates. Pass the\n            value returned by the device's location service. Typical values\n            might be 22m for GPS/Wi-Fi, 380m for cell tower triangulation, and\n            18,000m for reverse IP lookup.\
  \ ts (optional): The UTC UNIX timestamp\n            of when the client was at the location. (The UNIX timestamp is the\n            number of seconds since January 1, 1970.) head (optional): The\n            client's relative heading or direction of travel. Specify the\n            direction of travel as degrees from 0 through 360, counting\n            clockwise relative to true north. Specify this key only if the sp\n            key is nonzero. sp (optional): The horizontal velocity (speed), in\n            meters per second, that the client device is traveling. alt\n            (optional): The altitude of the client device, in meters. are\n            (optional): The radius, in meters, that specifies the vertical\n            accuracy of the coordinates. Specify this key only if you specify\n            the alt key. Although many of the keys are optional, the more\n            information that you provide, the more accurate the location results\n            are. Although optional,\
  \ you are encouraged to always specify the\n            user's geographical location. Providing the location is especially\n            important if the client's IP address does not accurately reflect the\n            user's physical location (for example, if the client uses VPN). For\n            optimal results, you should include this header and the\n            X-MSEdge-ClientIP header, but at a minimum, you should include this\n            header.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: cc\n          x-ms-client-name: CountryCode\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A 2-character country code of the country where the results come\n            from. This API supports only the United States market. If you\n            specify this query parameter, it must be set to us. If you set this\n            parameter, you must also specify the Accept-Language header. Bing\n            uses the first supported language it finds from the languages\
  \ list,\n            and combine that language with the country code that you specify to\n            determine the market to return results for. If the languages list\n            does not include a supported language, Bing finds the closest\n            language and market that supports the request, or it may use an\n            aggregated or default market for the results instead of a specified\n            one. You should use this query parameter and the Accept-Language\n            query parameter only if you specify multiple languages; otherwise,\n            you should use the mkt and setLang query parameters. This parameter\n            and the mkt query parameter are mutually exclusive—do not specify\n            both.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: mkt\n          x-ms-client-name: Market\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The market where the results come from. You are strongly encouraged\n            to always specify\
  \ the market, if known. Specifying the market helps\n            Bing route the request and return an appropriate and optimal\n            response. This parameter and the cc query parameter are mutually\n            exclusive—do not specify both.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          default: en-us\n        - name: q\n          x-ms-client-name: Query\n          in: query\n          description: The user's search term.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n        - name: ResponseFilter\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A comma-delimited list of answers to include in the response. If you\n            do not specify this parameter, the response includes all search\n            answers for which there's relevant data.\n          required: false\n          type: array\n          items:\n            type: string\n            enum:\n              - Entities\n              - Places\n            x-ms-enum:\n              name: AnswerType\n\
  \              modelAsString: true\n          collectionFormat: csv\n        - name: ResponseFormat\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The media type to use for the response. The following are the\n            possible case-insensitive values: JSON, JSONLD. The default is JSON.\n            If you specify JSONLD, the response body includes JSON-LD objects\n            that contain the search results.\n          required: false\n          type: array\n          items:\n            type: string\n            enum:\n              - Json\n              - JsonLd\n            x-ms-enum:\n              name: ResponseFormat\n              modelAsString: true\n          collectionFormat: csv\n        - name: SafeSearch\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A filter used to filter adult content. Off: Return webpages with\n            adult text, images, or videos. Moderate: Return webpages with adult\n            text, but not adult images or videos.\
  \ Strict: Do not return webpages\n            with adult text, images, or videos. The default is Moderate. If the\n            request comes from a market that Bing's adult policy requires that\n            safeSearch is set to Strict, Bing ignores the safeSearch value and\n            uses Strict. If you use the site: query operator, there is the\n            chance that the response may contain adult content regardless of\n            what the safeSearch query parameter is set to. Use site: only if you\n            are aware of the content on the site and your scenario supports the\n            possibility of adult content.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - 'Off'\n            - Moderate\n            - Strict\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: SafeSearch\n            modelAsString: true\n        - name: SetLang\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The language to use for user interface strings. Specify the\
  \ language\n            using the ISO 639-1 2-letter language code. For example, the\n            language code for English is EN. The default is EN (English).\n            Although optional, you should always specify the language.\n            Typically, you set setLang to the same language specified by mkt\n            unless the user wants the user interface strings displayed in a\n            different language. This parameter and the Accept-Language header\n            are mutually exclusive; do not specify both. A user interface string\n            is a string that's used as a label in a user interface. There are\n            few user interface strings in the JSON response objects. Also, any\n            links to Bing.com properties in the response objects apply the\n            specified language.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success.\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/SearchResponse'\n\
  \        default:\n          description: >-\n            An error has occurred. Check the response type and/or status code\n            for more details.\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/ErrorResponse'\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Successful query:\n          $ref: ./examples//SuccessfulQueryRequest.json\n      description: Needs a more full description created.\ndefinitions:\n  SearchResponse:\n    description: >-\n      Defines the top-level object that the response includes when the request\n      succeeds.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Response'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      queryContext:\n        description: >-\n          An object that contains the query string that Bing used for the\n          request. This object contains the query string as entered by the user.\n          It may also contain an altered query string that Bing used for the\n          query if the query string contained a spelling mistake.\n        $ref: '#/definitions/QueryContext'\n\
  \        readOnly: true\n      entities:\n        description: A list of entities that are relevant to the search query.\n        $ref: '#/definitions/Entities'\n        readOnly: true\n      places:\n        description: >-\n          A list of local entities such as restaurants or hotels that are\n          relevant to the query.\n        $ref: '#/definitions/Places'\n        readOnly: true\n  Response:\n    description: >-\n      Defines a response. All schemas that could be returned at the root of a\n      response should inherit from this\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Identifiable'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      contractualRules:\n        description: A list of rules that you must adhere to if you display the item.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/ContractualRulesContractualRule'\n      webSearchUrl:\n        description: The URL To Bing's search result for this item.\n        readOnly: true\n     \
  \   type: string\n  QueryContext:\n    description: Defines the query context that Bing used for the request.\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - originalQuery\n    properties:\n      originalQuery:\n        description: The query string as specified in the request.\n        type: string\n      alteredQuery:\n        description: >-\n          The query string used by Bing to perform the query. Bing uses the\n          altered query string if the original query string contained spelling\n          mistakes. For example, if the query string is \"saling downwind\", the\n          altered query string will be \"sailing downwind\". This field is\n          included only if the original query string contains a spelling\n          mistake.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      alterationOverrideQuery:\n        description: >-\n          The query string to use to force Bing to use the original string. For\n          example, if the query string is \"saling downwind\", the\
  \ override query\n          string will be \"+saling downwind\". Remember to encode the query string\n          which results in \"%2Bsaling+downwind\". This field is included only if\n          the original query string contains a spelling mistake.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      adultIntent:\n        description: >-\n          A Boolean value that indicates whether the specified query has adult\n          intent. The value is true if the query has adult intent; otherwise,\n          false.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: boolean\n      askUserForLocation:\n        description: >-\n          A Boolean value that indicates whether Bing requires the user's\n          location to provide accurate results. If you specified the user's\n          location by using the X-MSEdge-ClientIP and X-Search-Location headers,\n          you can ignore this field. For location aware queries, such as\n          \"today's weather\" or \"restaurants near me\" that need the user's\n\
  \          location to provide accurate results, this field is set to true. For\n          location aware queries that include the location (for example,\n          \"Seattle weather\"), this field is set to false. This field is also set\n          to false for queries that are not location aware, such as \"best\n          sellers\".\n        readOnly: true\n        type: boolean\n  Entities:\n    description: Defines an entity answer.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/SearchResultsAnswer'\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - value\n    properties:\n      queryScenario:\n        description: >-\n          The supported query scenario. This field is set to DominantEntity or\n          DisambiguationItem. The field is set to DominantEntity if Bing\n          determines that only a single entity satisfies the request. For\n          example, a book, movie, person, or attraction. If multiple entities\n          could satisfy the request, the field is set to DisambiguationItem.\
  \ For\n          example, if the request uses the generic title of a movie franchise,\n          the entity's type would likely be DisambiguationItem. But, if the\n          request specifies a specific title from the franchise, the entity's\n          type would likely be DominantEntity.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n        default: DominantEntity\n        enum:\n          - DominantEntity\n          - DominantEntityWithDisambiguation\n          - Disambiguation\n          - List\n          - ListWithPivot\n        x-ms-enum:\n          name: EntityQueryScenario\n          modelAsString: true\n      value:\n        description: A list of entities.\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/Thing'\n  Places:\n    description: Defines a local entity answer.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/SearchResultsAnswer'\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - value\n    properties:\n      value:\n        description: A list of local entities,\
  \ such as restaurants or hotels.\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/Thing'\n  SearchResultsAnswer:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Answer'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      queryContext:\n        $ref: '#/definitions/QueryContext'\n        readOnly: true\n  Identifiable:\n    description: Defines the identity of a resource.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/ResponseBase'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      id:\n        description: A String identifier.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  Answer:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Response'\n    type: object\n    properties: {}\n  ErrorResponse:\n    description: The top-level response that represents a failed request.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Response'\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - errors\n    properties:\n      errors:\n        description: A list of errors that describe the reasons why the request failed.\n        type:\
  \ array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/Error'\n  Thing:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Response'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      name:\n        description: The name of the thing represented by this object.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      url:\n        description: >-\n          The URL to get more information about the thing represented by this\n          object.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      image:\n        $ref: '#/definitions/ImageObject'\n        readOnly: true\n      description:\n        description: A short description of the item.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      entityPresentationInfo:\n        description: >-\n          Additional information about the entity such as hints that you can use\n          to determine the entity's type. To determine the entity's type, use\n          the entityScenario and entityTypeHint fields.\n        $ref: '#/definitions/EntitiesEntityPresentationInfo'\n\
  \        readOnly: true\n      bingId:\n        description: An ID that uniquely identifies this item.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  ContractualRulesContractualRule:\n    x-ms-discriminator-value: ContractualRules/ContractualRule\n    discriminator: _type\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - _type\n    properties:\n      targetPropertyName:\n        description: The name of the field that the rule applies to.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      _type:\n        type: string\n  ImageObject:\n    description: Defines an image\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/MediaObject'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      thumbnail:\n        description: The URL to a thumbnail of the image\n        $ref: '#/definitions/ImageObject'\n        readOnly: true\n  Place:\n    description: Defines information about a local entity, such as a restaurant or hotel.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Thing'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      address:\n\
  \        description: The postal address of where the entity is located\n        $ref: '#/definitions/PostalAddress'\n        readOnly: true\n      telephone:\n        description: The entity's telephone number\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  Organization:\n    description: Defines an organization.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Thing'\n    type: object\n    properties: {}\n  ResponseBase:\n    discriminator: _type\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - _type\n    properties:\n      _type:\n        type: string\n  Error:\n    description: Defines the error that occurred.\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - code\n      - message\n    properties:\n      code:\n        description: The error code that identifies the category of error.\n        type: string\n        default: None\n        enum:\n          - None\n          - ServerError\n          - InvalidRequest\n          - RateLimitExceeded\n          - InvalidAuthorization\n          - InsufficientAuthorization\n\
  \        x-ms-enum:\n          name: ErrorCode\n          modelAsString: true\n      subCode:\n        description: The error code that further helps to identify the error.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n        enum:\n          - UnexpectedError\n          - ResourceError\n          - NotImplemented\n          - ParameterMissing\n          - ParameterInvalidValue\n          - HttpNotAllowed\n          - Blocked\n          - AuthorizationMissing\n          - AuthorizationRedundancy\n          - AuthorizationDisabled\n          - AuthorizationExpired\n        x-ms-enum:\n          name: ErrorSubCode\n          modelAsString: true\n      message:\n        description: A description of the error.\n        type: string\n      moreDetails:\n        description: A description that provides additional information about the error.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      parameter:\n        description: The parameter in the request that caused the error.\n        readOnly:\
  \ true\n        type: string\n      value:\n        description: The parameter's value in the request that was not valid.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  CreativeWork:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Thing'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      thumbnailUrl:\n        description: The URL to a thumbnail of the item.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      provider:\n        description: The source of the creative work.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/Thing'\n      text:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  Intangible:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Thing'\n    type: object\n  EntitiesEntityPresentationInfo:\n    description: Defines additional information about an entity such as type hints.\n    x-ms-discriminator-value: Entities/EntityPresentationInfo\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - entityScenario\n    properties:\n      entityScenario:\n        description:\
  \ The supported scenario.\n        type: string\n        default: DominantEntity\n        enum:\n          - DominantEntity\n          - DisambiguationItem\n          - ListItem\n        x-ms-enum:\n          name: EntityScenario\n          modelAsString: true\n      entityTypeHints:\n        description: >-\n          A list of hints that indicate the entity's type. The list could\n          contain a single hint such as Movie or a list of hints such as Place,\n          LocalBusiness, Restaurant. Each successive hint in the array narrows\n          the entity's type.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: array\n        items:\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - Generic\n            - Person\n            - Place\n            - Media\n            - Organization\n            - LocalBusiness\n            - Restaurant\n            - Hotel\n            - TouristAttraction\n            - Travel\n            - City\n            - Country\n            - Attraction\n     \
  \       - House\n            - State\n            - RadioStation\n            - StreetAddress\n            - Neighborhood\n            - Locality\n            - PostalCode\n            - Region\n            - SubRegion\n            - MinorRegion\n            - Continent\n            - PointOfInterest\n            - Other\n            - Movie\n            - Book\n            - TelevisionShow\n            - TelevisionSeason\n            - VideoGame\n            - MusicAlbum\n            - MusicRecording\n            - MusicGroup\n            - Composition\n            - TheaterPlay\n            - Event\n            - Actor\n            - Artist\n            - Attorney\n            - Speciality\n            - CollegeOrUniversity\n            - School\n            - Food\n            - Drug\n            - Animal\n            - SportsTeam\n            - Product\n            - Car\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: EntityType\n            modelAsString: true\n      entityTypeDisplayHint:\n\
  \        description: >-\n          A display version of the entity hint. For example, if entityTypeHints\n          is Artist, this field may be set to American Singer.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  MovieTheater:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/EntertainmentBusiness'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      screenCount:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: integer\n        format: int32\n  ContractualRulesAttribution:\n    x-ms-discriminator-value: ContractualRules/Attribution\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/ContractualRulesContractualRule'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      mustBeCloseToContent:\n        description: >-\n          A Boolean value that determines whether the contents of the rule must\n          be placed in close proximity to the field that the rule applies to. If\n          true, the contents must be placed in close proximity. If false, or\n          this field does not exist, the contents may be placed at the caller's\n\
  \          discretion.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: boolean\n  MediaObject:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/CreativeWork'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      contentUrl:\n        description: >-\n          Original URL to retrieve the source (file) for the media object (e.g\n          the source URL for the image).\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      hostPageUrl:\n        description: URL of the page that hosts the media object.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      width:\n        description: The width of the source media object, in pixels.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: integer\n        format: int32\n      height:\n        description: The height of the source media object, in pixels.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: integer\n        format: int32\n  CivicStructure:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Place'\n    type: object\n  LocalBusiness:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Place'\n    type: object\n\
  \    properties:\n      priceRange:\n        description: $$.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      panoramas:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/ImageObject'\n      isPermanentlyClosed:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: boolean\n      tagLine:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  TouristAttraction:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Place'\n    type: object\n  PostalAddress:\n    description:\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (37 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/entity-search-client-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/entity-search-client-openapi-original.yml
tags: []
---
