---
aid: microsoft-azure-one:spell-check-client
baseURL: ''
description: Microsoft Azure Spell Check Client is a powerful tool that helps users detect and correct spelling errors in their text. With advanced algorithms and machine learning capabilities, this client is able to accurately detect misspelled words and suggest corrections in real-time. Users can easily integrate this spell check client into their applications and services, ensuring that their content is free of embarrassing typos and mistakes.
humanURL: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.cognitiveservices.language.spellcheck.spellcheckclient?view=azure-dotnet
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Microsoft Azure Spell Check Client
properties:
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/spell-check-client-openapi-original.yml
- type: Documentation
  url: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.azure.cognitiveservices.language.spellcheck.spellcheckclient?view=azure-dotnet
provider_name: Microsoft Azure
provider_slug: microsoft-azure
slug: spell-check-client
source_filename: spell-check-client-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "swagger: '2.0'\ninfo:\n  title: Microsoft Azure Spell Check Client\n  description: >-\n    The Spell Check API - V7 lets you check a text string for spelling and\n    grammar errors.\n  version: '1.0'\nparameters:\n  x-bingapis-sdk:\n    name: X-BingApis-SDK\n    description: Activate swagger compliance\n    x-ms-parameter-location: method\n    required: true\n    type: string\n    in: header\n    x-ms-enum:\n      name: XBingApisSDK\n      modelAsString: true\n    enum:\n      - 'true'\nx-ms-parameterized-host:\n  hostTemplate: '{Endpoint}'\n  useSchemePrefix: false\n  parameters:\n    - $ref: ../../../Common/Parameters.json#/parameters/GlobalEndpoint\nhost: api.cognitive.microsoft.com\nbasePath: /bing/v7.0\nschemes:\n  - https\nproduces:\n  - application/json\nsecurityDefinitions:\n  apiKeyHeader:\n    name: Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key\n    type: apiKey\n    in: header\nsecurity:\n  - apiKeyHeader: []\npaths:\n  /spellcheck:\n    post:\n      summary: >-\n        Microsoft\
  \ Azure The Bing Spell Check Api Lets You Perform Contextual Grammar And Spell Checking Bing Has Developed A Web Based Spell Checker That Leverages Machine Learning And Statistical Machine Translation To Dynamically Train A Constantly Evolving And Highly Contextual Algorithm The Spell Checker Is Based On A Massive Corpus Of Web Searches And Documents\n      operationId: microsoftAzureSpellchecker\n      tags:\n        - SpellCheck\n      consumes:\n        - application/x-www-form-urlencoded\n      parameters:\n        - $ref: '#/parameters/x-bingapis-sdk'\n        - name: Accept\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            The default media type is application/json. To specify that the\n            response use [JSON-LD](http://json-ld.org/), set the Accept header\n            to application/ld+json.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: Accept-Language\n          x-ms-client-name: AcceptLanguage\n          in: header\n          description:\
  \ >-\n            A comma-delimited list of one or more languages to use for user\n            interface strings. The list is in decreasing order of preference.\n            For additional information, including expected format, see\n            [RFC2616](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html).\n            This header and the setLang query parameter are mutually exclusive;\n            do not specify both. If you set this header, you must also specify\n            the cc query parameter. Bing will use the first supported language\n            it finds from the list, and combine that language with the cc\n            parameter value to determine the market to return results for. If\n            the list does not include a supported language, Bing will find the\n            closest language and market that supports the request, and may use\n            an aggregated or default market for the results instead of a\n            specified one. You should use this header and\
  \ the cc query parameter\n            only if you specify multiple languages; otherwise, you should use\n            the mkt and setLang query parameters. A user interface string is a\n            string that's used as a label in a user interface. There are very\n            few user interface strings in the JSON response objects. Any links\n            in the response objects to Bing.com properties will apply the\n            specified language.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: Pragma\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            By default, Bing returns cached content, if available. To prevent\n            Bing from returning cached content, set the Pragma header to\n            no-cache (for example, Pragma: no-cache).\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: User-Agent\n          x-ms-client-name: UserAgent\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            The user agent originating the request.\
  \ Bing uses the user agent to\n            provide mobile users with an optimized experience. Although\n            optional, you are strongly encouraged to always specify this header.\n            The user-agent should be the same string that any commonly used\n            browser would send. For information about user agents, see [RFC\n            2616](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html).\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: X-MSEdge-ClientID\n          x-ms-client-name: ClientId\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            Bing uses this header to provide users with consistent behavior\n            across Bing API calls. Bing often flights new features and\n            improvements, and it uses the client ID as a key for assigning\n            traffic on different flights. If you do not use the same client ID\n            for a user across multiple requests, then Bing may assign the user\n            to multiple conflicting\
  \ flights. Being assigned to multiple\n            conflicting flights can lead to an inconsistent user experience. For\n            example, if the second request has a different flight assignment\n            than the first, the experience may be unexpected. Also, Bing can use\n            the client ID to tailor web results to that client ID’s search\n            history, providing a richer experience for the user. Bing also uses\n            this header to help improve result rankings by analyzing the\n            activity generated by a client ID. The relevance improvements help\n            with better quality of results delivered by Bing APIs and in turn\n            enables higher click-through rates for the API consumer. IMPORTANT:\n            Although optional, you should consider this header required.\n            Persisting the client ID across multiple requests for the same end\n            user and device combination enables 1) the API consumer to receive a\n           \
  \ consistent user experience, and 2) higher click-through rates via\n            better quality of results from the Bing APIs. Each user that uses\n            your application on the device must have a unique, Bing generated\n            client ID. If you do not include this header in the request, Bing\n            generates an ID and returns it in the X-MSEdge-ClientID response\n            header. The only time that you should NOT include this header in a\n            request is the first time the user uses your app on that device. Use\n            the client ID for each Bing API request that your app makes for this\n            user on the device. Persist the client ID. To persist the ID in a\n            browser app, use a persistent HTTP cookie to ensure the ID is used\n            across all sessions. Do not use a session cookie. For other apps\n            such as mobile apps, use the device's persistent storage to persist\n            the ID. The next time the user uses your app\
  \ on that device, get the\n            client ID that you persisted. Bing responses may or may not include\n            this header. If the response includes this header, capture the\n            client ID and use it for all subsequent Bing requests for the user\n            on that device. If you include the X-MSEdge-ClientID, you must not\n            include cookies in the request.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: X-MSEdge-ClientIP\n          x-ms-client-name: ClientIp\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the client device. The IP address is\n            used to discover the user's location. Bing uses the location\n            information to determine safe search behavior. Although optional,\n            you are encouraged to always specify this header and the\n            X-Search-Location header. Do not obfuscate the address (for example,\n            by changing the last octet to 0). Obfuscating\
  \ the address results in\n            the location not being anywhere near the device's actual location,\n            which may result in Bing serving erroneous results.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: X-Search-Location\n          x-ms-client-name: Location\n          in: header\n          description: >-\n            A semicolon-delimited list of key/value pairs that describe the\n            client's geographical location. Bing uses the location information\n            to determine safe search behavior and to return relevant local\n            content. Specify the key/value pair as <key>:<value>. The following\n            are the keys that you use to specify the user's location. lat\n            (required): The latitude of the client's location, in degrees. The\n            latitude must be greater than or equal to -90.0 and less than or\n            equal to +90.0. Negative values indicate southern latitudes and\n            positive values indicate\
  \ northern latitudes. long (required): The\n            longitude of the client's location, in degrees. The longitude must\n            be greater than or equal to -180.0 and less than or equal to +180.0.\n            Negative values indicate western longitudes and positive values\n            indicate eastern longitudes. re (required): The radius, in meters,\n            which specifies the horizontal accuracy of the coordinates. Pass the\n            value returned by the device's location service. Typical values\n            might be 22m for GPS/Wi-Fi, 380m for cell tower triangulation, and\n            18,000m for reverse IP lookup. ts (optional): The UTC UNIX timestamp\n            of when the client was at the location. (The UNIX timestamp is the\n            number of seconds since January 1, 1970.) head (optional): The\n            client's relative heading or direction of travel. Specify the\n            direction of travel as degrees from 0 through 360, counting\n           \
  \ clockwise relative to true north. Specify this key only if the sp\n            key is nonzero. sp (optional): The horizontal velocity (speed), in\n            meters per second, that the client device is traveling. alt\n            (optional): The altitude of the client device, in meters. are\n            (optional): The radius, in meters, that specifies the vertical\n            accuracy of the coordinates. Specify this key only if you specify\n            the alt key. Although many of the keys are optional, the more\n            information that you provide, the more accurate the location results\n            are. Although optional, you are encouraged to always specify the\n            user's geographical location. Providing the location is especially\n            important if the client's IP address does not accurately reflect the\n            user's physical location (for example, if the client uses VPN). For\n            optimal results, you should include this header and the  X-Search-ClientIP\
  \ header, but at a minimum, you should include this\n            header.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: ActionType\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A string that's used by logging to determine whether the request is\n            coming from an interactive session or a page load. The following are\n            the possible values. 1) Edit—The request is from an interactive\n            session 2) Load—The request is from a page load\n          required: false\n          type: string\n          enum:\n            - Edit\n            - Load\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: ActionType\n            modelAsString: true\n        - name: AppName\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The unique name of your app. The name must be known by Bing. Do not\n            include this parameter unless you have previously contacted Bing to\n            get a unique app name. To get a unique name, contact your\
  \ Bing\n            Business Development manager.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: cc\n          x-ms-client-name: CountryCode\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A 2-character country code of the country where the results come\n            from. This API supports only the United States market. If you\n            specify this query parameter, it must be set to us. If you set this\n            parameter, you must also specify the Accept-Language header. Bing\n            uses the first supported language it finds from the languages list,\n            and combine that language with the country code that you specify to\n            determine the market to return results for. If the languages list\n            does not include a supported language, Bing finds the closest\n            language and market that supports the request, or it may use an\n            aggregated or default market for the results instead of a specified\n \
  \           one. You should use this query parameter and the Accept-Language\n            query parameter only if you specify multiple languages; otherwise,\n            you should use the mkt and setLang query parameters. This parameter\n            and the mkt query parameter are mutually exclusive—do not specify\n            both.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: ClientMachineName\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A unique name of the device that the request is being made from.\n            Generate a unique value for each device (the value is unimportant).\n            The service uses the ID to help debug issues and improve the quality\n            of corrections.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: DocId\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A unique ID that identifies the document that the text belongs to.\n            Generate a unique value for each document (the\
  \ value is\n            unimportant). The service uses the ID to help debug issues and\n            improve the quality of corrections.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: mkt\n          x-ms-client-name: Market\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The market where the results come from. You are strongly encouraged\n            to always specify the market, if known. Specifying the market helps\n            Bing route the request and return an appropriate and optimal\n            response. This parameter and the cc query parameter are mutually\n            exclusive—do not specify both.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: SessionId\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A unique ID that identifies this user session. Generate a unique\n            value for each user session (the value is unimportant). The service\n            uses the ID to help debug issues and improve the quality\
  \ of\n            corrections\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: SetLang\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The language to use for user interface strings. Specify the language\n            using the ISO 639-1 2-letter language code. For example, the\n            language code for English is EN. The default is EN (English).\n            Although optional, you should always specify the language.\n            Typically, you set setLang to the same language specified by mkt\n            unless the user wants the user interface strings displayed in a\n            different language. This parameter and the Accept-Language header\n            are mutually exclusive—do not specify both. A user interface string\n            is a string that's used as a label in a user interface. There are\n            few user interface strings in the JSON response objects. Also, any\n            links to Bing.com properties in the response objects apply\
  \ the\n            specified language.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: UserId\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A unique ID that identifies the user. Generate a unique value for\n            each user (the value is unimportant). The service uses the ID to\n            help debug issues and improve the quality of corrections.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: Mode\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The type of spelling and grammar checks to perform. The following\n            are the possible values (the values are case insensitive). The\n            default is Proof. 1) Proof—Finds most spelling and grammar mistakes.\n            2) Spell—Finds most spelling mistakes but does not find some of the\n            grammar errors that Proof catches (for example, capitalization and\n            repeated words)\n          required: false\n          type: string\n         \
  \ enum:\n            - proof\n            - spell\n          x-ms-enum:\n            name: Mode\n            modelAsString: true\n        - name: PreContextText\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            A string that gives context to the text string. For example, the\n            text string petal is valid. However, if you set preContextText to\n            bike, the context changes and the text string becomes not valid. In\n            this case, the API suggests that you change petal to pedal (as in\n            bike pedal). This text is not checked for grammar or spelling\n            errors. The combined length of the text string, preContextText\n            string, and postContextText string may not exceed 10,000 characters.\n            You may specify this parameter in the query string of a GET request\n            or in the body of a POST request.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: PostContextText\n          in: query\n      \
  \    description: >-\n            A string that gives context to the text string. For example, the\n            text string read is valid. However, if you set postContextText to\n            carpet, the context changes and the text string becomes not valid.\n            In this case, the API suggests that you change read to red (as in\n            red carpet). This text is not checked for grammar or spelling\n            errors. The combined length of the text string, preContextText\n            string, and postContextText string may not exceed 10,000 characters.\n            You may specify this parameter in the query string of a GET request\n            or in the body of a POST request.\n          required: false\n          type: string\n        - name: Text\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The text string to check for spelling and grammar errors. The\n            combined length of the text string, preContextText string, and\n            postContextText string\
  \ may not exceed 10,000 characters. You may\n            specify this parameter in the query string of a GET request or in\n            the body of a POST request. Because of the query string length\n            limit, you'll typically use a POST request unless you're checking\n            only short strings.\n          required: true\n          type: string\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success.\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/SpellCheck'\n        default:\n          description: >-\n            An error has occurred. Check the response type and/or status code\n            for more details.\n          schema:\n            $ref: '#/definitions/ErrorResponse'\n      x-ms-examples:\n        Successful query:\n          $ref: ./examples/SuccessfulSpellModeRequest.json\n        Successful Proof Mode query:\n          $ref: ./examples/SuccessfulProofModeRequest.json\n      description: Needs a more full description created.\ndefinitions:\n  SpellCheck:\n\
  \    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Answer'\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - flaggedTokens\n    properties:\n      flaggedTokens:\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/SpellingFlaggedToken'\n  Answer:\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Response'\n    type: object\n    properties: {}\n  SpellingFlaggedToken:\n    x-ms-discriminator-value: Spelling/FlaggedToken\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - offset\n      - token\n      - type\n    properties:\n      offset:\n        type: integer\n        format: int32\n      token:\n        type: string\n      type:\n        type: string\n        default: UnknownToken\n        enum:\n          - UnknownToken\n          - RepeatedToken\n        x-ms-enum:\n          name: ErrorType\n          modelAsString: true\n      suggestions:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/SpellingTokenSuggestion'\n      pingUrlSuffix:\n        readOnly: true\n\
  \        type: string\n  Response:\n    description: >-\n      Defines a response. All schemas that could be returned at the root of a\n      response should inherit from this\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Identifiable'\n    type: object\n    properties: {}\n  SpellingTokenSuggestion:\n    x-ms-discriminator-value: Spelling/TokenSuggestion\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - suggestion\n    properties:\n      suggestion:\n        type: string\n      score:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: number\n        format: double\n      pingUrlSuffix:\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  Identifiable:\n    description: Defines the identity of a resource.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/ResponseBase'\n    type: object\n    properties:\n      id:\n        description: A String identifier.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n  ErrorResponse:\n    description: The top-level response that represents a failed request.\n    allOf:\n      - $ref: '#/definitions/Response'\n\
  \    type: object\n    required:\n      - errors\n    properties:\n      errors:\n        description: A list of errors that describe the reasons why the request failed.\n        type: array\n        items:\n          $ref: '#/definitions/Error'\n  ResponseBase:\n    discriminator: _type\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - _type\n    properties:\n      _type:\n        type: string\n  Error:\n    description: Defines the error that occurred.\n    type: object\n    required:\n      - code\n      - message\n    properties:\n      code:\n        description: The error code that identifies the category of error.\n        type: string\n        default: None\n        enum:\n          - None\n          - ServerError\n          - InvalidRequest\n          - RateLimitExceeded\n          - InvalidAuthorization\n          - InsufficientAuthorization\n        x-ms-enum:\n          name: ErrorCode\n          modelAsString: true\n      subCode:\n        description: The error code that further\
  \ helps to identify the error.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n        enum:\n          - UnexpectedError\n          - ResourceError\n          - NotImplemented\n          - ParameterMissing\n          - ParameterInvalidValue\n          - HttpNotAllowed\n          - Blocked\n          - AuthorizationMissing\n          - AuthorizationRedundancy\n          - AuthorizationDisabled\n          - AuthorizationExpired\n        x-ms-enum:\n          name: ErrorSubCode\n          modelAsString: true\n      message:\n        description: A description of the error.\n        type: string\n      moreDetails:\n        description: A description that provides additional information about the error.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      parameter:\n        description: The parameter in the request that caused the error.\n        readOnly: true\n        type: string\n      value:\n        description: The parameter's value in the request that was not valid.\n        readOnly:\
  \ true\n        type: string\ntags:\n  - name: SpellCheck\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/microsoft-azure/refs/heads/main/openapi/spell-check-client-openapi-original.yml
tags: []
---
