---
aid: zendesk:views
baseURL: https://{subdomain}.zendesk.com
description: The Zendesk Views API lets you programmatically manage and use ticket viewsthe saved sets of filtering, sorting, and column rules that define agent queues. With it, you can list and fetch views (personal or shared), create, update, delete, and reorder them, and execute a view to retrieve the current tickets that match its conditions along with counts.
humanURL: https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/business-rules/views/
image: https://kinlane-productions2.s3.amazonaws.com/apis-json/apis-json-logo.jpg
layout: api
name: Zendesk Views API
properties:
- type: Documentation
  url: https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/ticketing/business-rules/views/
- type: OpenAPI
  url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/zendesk/refs/heads/main/openapi/views-openapi-original.yml
provider_name: Zendesk
provider_slug: zendesk
slug: views
source_filename: views-openapi-original.yml
source_heading: OpenAPI Specification
source_yaml: "openapi: 3.1.0\ninfo:\n  title: Zendesk Views\n  description: Needs a description.\npaths:\n  /api/v2/views:\n    get:\n      operationId: ListViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views\n      description: >\n        Lists shared and personal views available to the current user.\n\n\n        #### Sideloads\n\n\n        The following sideloads are supported:\n\n\n        | Name             | Will sideload\n\n        | ---------------- | -------------\n\n        | app_installation | The app installation that requires each view, if\n        present\n\n        | permissions      | The permissions for each view\n\n\n        #### Pagination\n\n\n        - Cursor pagination (recommended)\n\n        - Offset pagination\n\n\n        See [Pagination](/api-reference/introduction/pagination/).\n\n\n        Returns a maximum of 100 records per page.\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n      parameters:\n        - name: access\n       \
  \   in: query\n          description: >-\n            Only views with given access. May be \"personal\", \"shared\", or\n            \"account\"\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: active\n          in: query\n          description: Only active views if true, inactive views if false\n          schema:\n            type: boolean\n        - name: group_id\n          in: query\n          description: Only views belonging to given group\n          schema:\n            type: integer\n        - name: sort\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The sort parameter used with cursor pagination. Defaults to\n            \"created_at\". Prefix with '-' for descending order\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: sort_by\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The sort_by parameter used with offset pagination. Possible values\n            are \"alphabetical\", \"created_at\", or \"updated_at\". Defaults to\n\
  \            \"position\"\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: sort_order\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The sort_order parameter used with offset pagination. One of \"asc\"\n            or \"desc\". Defaults to \"asc\" for alphabetical and position sort,\n            \"desc\" for all others\n          schema:\n            type: string\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewsResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewsResponseExample'\n    post:\n      operationId: CreateView\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Post  Api V2 Views\n      description: >\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n\n\n        #### JSON Format\n\n\n        The JSON format consists of one property, a `view`\
  \ object that lists the\n        values to set when the view is created.\n\n\n        **Note**: The request must include at least one condition in the `all`\n        array that checks one of the following fields: `status`, `type`,\n        `group_id`, `assignee_id`, or `requester_id`.\n\n\n        | Name        | Description\n\n        | ----------- | -----------\n\n        | title       | Required. The title of the view\n\n        | all         | Required. An array of one or more conditions. A ticket\n        must meet all of them to be included in the view. See [Conditions\n        reference](/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)\n\n        | any         | An array of one or more conditions. A ticket must meet\n        any of them to be included in the view. See [Conditions\n        reference](/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)\n\n        | description | The description of the view\n\n        | active      | Allowed values are true\
  \ or false. Determines if the view\n        is displayed or not\n\n        | output      | An object that specifies the columns to display.\n        Example: `\"output\": {\"columns\": [\"status\", \"description\", \"priority\"]}`.\n        See [View columns](#view-columns)\n\n        | restriction | An object that describes who can access the view. To\n        give all agents access to the view, omit this property\n\n\n        The `restriction` object has the following properties.\n\n\n        | Name | Comment\n\n        | ---- | -------\n\n        | type | Allowed values are \"Group\" or \"User\"\n\n        | id   | The numeric ID of a single group or user\n\n        | ids  | The numeric IDs of a single or more groups. Recommended for\n        \"Group\" `type`\n\n\n        If `type` is \"Group\", the `ids` property is the preferred method of\n        specifying the group id or ids.\n\n\n        #### Example Request Body\n\n\n        ```js\n\n        {\n          \"view\": {\n       \
  \     \"title\": \"Kelly's tickets\",\n            \"raw_title\": \"{{dc.tickets_assigned_to_kelly}}\",\n            \"description\": \"Tickets that are assigned to Kelly\",\n            \"active\": true,\n            \"position\": 3,\n            \"restriction\": {\n              \"type\": \"User\",\n              \"id\": \"213977756\"\n            },\n            \"all\": [\n              {\n                \"field\": \"status\",\n                \"operator\": \"less_than\",\n                \"value\": \"solved\"\n              },\n              {\n                \"field\": \"group_id\",\n                \"operator\": \"is\",\n                \"value\": \"24000932\"\n              },\n              {\n                \"field\": \"custom_fields_360011872073\",\n                \"operator\": \"is\",\n                \"value\": \"Canada\"\n              },\n              ...\n            ],\n            \"output\": {\n              \"columns\": [\"status\", \"requester\", \"assignee\"\
  ],\n              \"group_by\": \"assignee\",\n              \"group_order\": \"desc\",\n              \"sort_by\": \"status\",\n              \"sort_order\": \"desc\"\n            }\n          }\n        }\n\n        ```\n\n\n        #### View columns\n\n\n        The `output` request parameter lets you specify what columns to include\n        in the view in the agent interface. Example: `\"output\": {\"columns\":\n        [\"status\", \"description\", \"priority\"]}`. The following table lists\n        possible columns for views in the agent UI and the corresponding values\n        in the `columns` array.\n\n\n        For custom fields, specify the id of the custom field in the `columns`\n        array.\n\n\n        You can specify a total of 10 columns to a view.\n\n\n        | View column title in UI     | Value                |\n\n        |---------------------------- | -------------------- |\n\n        | Assigned                    | `assigned`           |\n\n        | Assignee \
  \                   | `assignee`           |\n\n        | Due Date                    | `due_date`           |\n\n        | Group                       | `group`              |\n\n        | ID                          | `nice_id`            |\n\n        | Updated                     | `updated`            |\n\n        | Assignee updated            | `updated_assignee`   |\n\n        | Requester updated           | `updated_requester`  |\n\n        | Updater                     | `updated_by_type`    |\n\n        | Organization                | `organization`       |\n\n        | Priority                    | `priority`           |\n\n        | Requested                   | `created`            |\n\n        | Requester                   | `requester`          |\n\n        | Requester language          | `locale_id`          |\n\n        | Satisfaction                | `satisfaction_score` |\n\n        | Solved                      | `solved`             |\n\n        | Status category  \
  \           | `status`             |\n\n        | Subject                     | `description`        |\n\n        | Submitter                   | `submitter`          |\n\n        | Ticket form                 | `ticket_form`        |\n\n        | Type                        | `type`               |\n\n        | Brand                       | `brand`              |\n\n        | Ticket status               | `custom_status_id`   |\n\n\n        #### View sorting\n\n\n        You can group and sort items in the view by adding items to the `output`\n        parameter:\n\n\n        | Attribute                   | Description\n\n        |-----------------------------| -----------\n\n        | `group_by`, `sort_by`       | Sort or group the tickets by a column in\n        the [View columns](#view-columns) table. The `description`, `submitter`\n        and `custom_status_id` columns are not supported\n\n        | `group_order`, `sort_order` | Either \"asc\" or \"desc\"\n      responses:\n     \
  \   '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewCreateResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/{view_id}:\n    parameters:\n      - $ref: '#/components/parameters/ViewId'\n    get:\n      operationId: ShowView\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views View_id\n      description: |\n        #### Allowed For\n\n        * Agents\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewResponseExample'\n    put:\n      operationId: UpdateView\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary:\
  \ Zendesk Put  Api V2 Views View_id\n      description: >\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n\n\n        #### JSON Format\n\n         The PUT request takes one property, a `view` object that lists the values to update. All properties are optional.\n\n        **Note**: Updating a condition updates the containing array, clearing\n        the other conditions. Include all your conditions when updating any\n        condition.\n\n\n        | Name        | Description\n\n        | ----------- | -----------\n\n        | title       | The title of the view\n\n        | all         | An array of one or more conditions. A ticket must meet\n        all the conditions to be included in the view. The PUT request replaces\n        all existing conditions. See [Conditions\n        reference](/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)\n\n        | any         | An array of one or more conditions. A ticket must meet\n        any of them to be included in the view. At\
  \ least one `all` condition\n        must be defined with the `any` conditions. The PUT request replaces all\n        existing `any` conditions. See [Conditions\n        reference](/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference)\n\n        | active      | Allowed values are true or false. Determines if the view\n        is displayed or not\n\n        | output      | An object that specifies the columns to display.\n        Example: `\"output\": {\"columns\": [\"status\", \"description,\" \"priority\"]}`.\n        See [View columns](#view-columns)\n\n        | restriction | An object that describes who can access the view. To\n        give all agents access to the view, omit this property\n\n\n        The `restriction` object has the following properties.\n\n\n        | Name | Comment\n\n        | ---- | -------\n\n        | type | Allowed values are \"Group\" or \"User\"\n\n        | id   | The numeric ID of a single group or user\n\n        | ids  | The numeric IDs of\
  \ a single or more groups. Recommended for\n        \"Group\" `type`\n\n\n        If `type` is \"Group\", the `ids` property is the preferred method of\n        specifying the group id or ids.\n\n\n        You can also update how items are sorted and grouped. See [View\n        sorting](#view-sorting) in Create View.\n\n\n        #### Example Request Body\n\n\n        ```js\n\n        {\n          \"view\": {\n            \"title\": \"Code red tickets\",\n            \"restriction\": {\n              \"type\": \"Group\",\n              \"ids\": [10052, 10057, 10062, 10002]\n            },\n            \"all\": [\n              {\n                \"field\": \"priority\",\n                \"operator\": \"is\",\n                \"value\": \"urgent\"\n              }\n            ],\n            \"output\": {\n              \"columns\": [\"status\", \"requester\", \"assignee\", \"updated\"]\n            }\n          }\n        }\n\n        ```\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description:\
  \ Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewUpdateResponseExample'\n    delete:\n      operationId: DeleteView\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Delete  Api V2 Views View_id\n      description: |\n        #### Allowed For\n        * Agents\n      responses:\n        '204':\n          description: No Content response\n  /api/v2/views/{view_id}/count:\n    parameters:\n      - $ref: '#/components/parameters/ViewId'\n    get:\n      operationId: GetViewCount\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views View_id Count\n      description: >\n        Returns the ticket count for a single view.\n\n\n        This endpoint is rate limited to 5 requests per minute, per view, per\n        agent.\n\n\n        #### View Counts\n\n\n        The view\
  \ count endpoints, Count Tickets in View (this endpoint) and\n        [Count Tickets in Views](#count-tickets-in-views), let you estimate how\n        many tickets remain in a view without having to retrieve the entire\n        view. They're designed to help estimate view size. From a business\n        perspective, accuracy becomes less relevant as view size increases.\n\n\n        To ensure quality of service, these counts are cached more heavily as\n        the number of tickets in a view grows. For a view with thousands of\n        tickets, you can expect the count to be cached for 60-90 minutes. As a\n        result, the count may not reflect the actual number of tickets in your\n        view.\n\n\n        View counts are represented as JSON objects with the following\n        attributes:\n\n\n        | Name            | Type        | Comment\n\n        | --------------- | ------------| -------\n\n        | view_id         | integer     | The id of the view\n\n        | url       \
  \      | string      | The API url of the count\n\n        | value           | integer     | The cached number of tickets in the\n        view. Can also be null if the system is loading and caching new data.\n        Not to be confused with 0 tickets\n\n        | pretty          | string      | A pretty-printed text approximation of\n        the view count\n\n        | fresh           | boolean     | false if the cached data is stale and\n        the system is still loading and caching new data\n\n        | active          | boolean     | Only active views if true, inactive\n        views if false, all views if null.\n\n\n        #### Example\n\n        ```js\n\n        {\n          \"view_count\": {\n            \"view_id\": 25,\n            \"url\":     \"https://company.zendesk.com/api/v2/views/25/count.json\",\n            \"value\":   719,\n            \"pretty\":  \"~700\",\n            \"fresh\":   true\n          }\n        }\n\n        ```\n      responses:\n        '200':\n \
  \         description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewCountResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewCountResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/{view_id}/execute:\n    parameters:\n      - $ref: '#/components/parameters/ViewId'\n    get:\n      operationId: ExecuteView\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views View_id Execute\n      description: >\n        Returns the column titles and the rows of the specified view.\n\n\n        The `columns` array lists the view's column titles and includes only\n        views parameters.\n\n\n        The `rows` array lists the values of each column for each ticket and\n        includes parameters from both views and tickets. Though not displayed in\n        the view, a partial ticket object is included with each row object.\n\n\n        **Note**:\
  \ To get the full ticket objects for a specified view, use [List\n        Tickets from a View](#list-tickets-from-a-view).\n\n\n        This endpoint is rate limited to 5 requests per minute, per view, per\n        agent. This rate limit includes activity in Zendesk Support. An API\n        script is more likely to encounter rate limit errors if the\n        authenticating agent or admin is concurrently active in Zendesk Support.\n\n\n        The view execution system is designed for periodic rather than\n        high-frequency API usage. In particular, views called very frequently\n        may be cached by Zendesk. This means that the API client will still\n        receive a result, but that result may have been computed at any time\n        within the last 10 minutes.\n\n\n        Zendesk recommends using the Incremental Ticket Export endpoint to get\n        the latest changes. You can call it more often, and it returns all the\n        tickets that changed since the last poll. For\
  \ details and rate limits,\n        see [Incremental\n        Exports](/api-reference/ticketing/ticket-management/incremental_exports/).\n\n\n        View output sorting can be controlled by passing the `sort_by` and\n        `sort_order` parameters in the format described in the table in [Preview\n        Views](#preview-views).\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n\n\n        #### Pagination\n\n\n        * Cursor pagination (recommended)\n\n        * Offset pagination\n\n\n        See [Pagination](/api-reference/introduction/pagination/).\n      parameters:\n        - name: sort_by\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            The ticket field used for sorting. This will either be a title or a\n            custom field id.\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: sort_order\n          in: query\n          description: The direction the tickets are sorted. May be one of 'asc' or 'desc'\n          schema:\n            type: string\n \
  \     responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewExecuteResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/{view_id}/export:\n    parameters:\n      - $ref: '#/components/parameters/ViewId'\n    get:\n      operationId: ExportView\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views View_id Export\n      description: >\n        Returns the csv attachment of the specified view if possible. Enqueues a\n        job to produce the csv if necessary.\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewExportResponse'\n              examples:\n\
  \                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewExportResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/{view_id}/tickets:\n    parameters:\n      - $ref: '#/components/parameters/ViewId'\n    get:\n      operationId: ListTicketsFromView\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views View_id Tickets\n      description: |\n        #### Allowed For\n\n        * Agents\n\n        #### Pagination\n        * Cursor pagination (recommended)\n        * Offset pagination\n\n        See [Pagination](/api-reference/introduction/pagination/).\n      parameters:\n        - name: sort_by\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Sort or group the tickets by a column in the [View\n            columns](#view-columns) table. The `subject` and `submitter` columns\n            are not supported\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: sort_order\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            One of \"asc\" or \"\
  desc\". Defaults to \"asc\" for alphabetical and\n            position sort, \"desc\" for all others\n          schema:\n            type: string\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/TicketsResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewListTicketsResponseEXample'\n  /api/v2/views/active:\n    get:\n      operationId: ListActiveViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views Active\n      description: >\n        Lists active shared and personal views available to the current user.\n\n\n        #### Sideloads\n\n\n        The following sideloads are supported:\n\n\n        | Name             | Will sideload\n\n        | ---------------- | -------------\n\n        | app_installation | The app installation that requires each view, if\n    \
  \    present\n\n        | permissions      | The permissions for each view\n\n\n        #### Pagination\n\n\n        - Offset pagination\n\n\n        See [Pagination](/api-reference/introduction/pagination/).\n\n\n        Returns a maximum of 100 records per page.\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n      parameters:\n        - name: access\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Only views with given access. May be \"personal\", \"shared\", or\n            \"account\"\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: group_id\n          in: query\n          description: Only views belonging to given group\n          schema:\n            type: integer\n        - name: sort_by\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Possible values are \"alphabetical\", \"created_at\", or \"updated_at\".\n            Defaults to \"position\"\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: sort_order\n          in: query\n\
  \          description: >-\n            One of \"asc\" or \"desc\". Defaults to \"asc\" for alphabetical and\n            position sort, \"desc\" for all others\n          schema:\n            type: string\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewsResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewsActiveResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/compact:\n    get:\n      operationId: ListCompactViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views Compact\n      description: >\n        A compacted list of shared and personal views available to the current\n        user. This endpoint never returns more than 32 records and does not\n        respect the \"per_page\" option.\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n      responses:\n        '200':\n\
  \          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewsResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewsResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/count:\n    get:\n      operationId: CountViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views Count\n      description: >-\n        Returns an approximate count of shared and personal views available to\n        the current user. If the count exceeds 100,000, the count will return a\n        cached result.  This cached result will update every 24 hours.\n\n\n        The `count[refreshed_at]` property is a timestamp that indicates when\n        the count was last updated.\n\n\n        **Note**: When the count exceeds 100,000, `count[refreshed_at]` may\n        occasionally be null.\n\n        This indicates that the count is being updated in the background,\
  \ and\n        `count[value]` is limited to 100,000 until the update is complete.\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n        * Agents\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Count of views\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewsCountResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewsCountResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/count_many:\n    get:\n      operationId: GetViewCounts\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views Count_many\n      description: >\n        Returns the ticket count of each view in a list of views. Accepts up to\n        20 view ids per request. For the ticket count of a single view, see\n        [Count Tickets in View](#count-tickets-in-view).\n\n\n        Only returns values for personal and shared views accessible to the user\n        performing the request.\n\n\n        This\
  \ endpoint is rate limited to 6 requests every 5 minutes.\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n      parameters:\n        - name: ids\n          in: query\n          description: List of view's ids separated by commas.\n          required: true\n          schema:\n            type: string\n          example: 1,2,3\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewCountsResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewCountsResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/destroy_many:\n    delete:\n      operationId: BulkDeleteViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Delete  Api V2 Views Destroy_many\n      description: |\n        Deletes the views corresponding to the provided list of IDs.\n\n        #### Allowed For\n        * Agents\n      parameters:\n \
  \       - name: ids\n          in: query\n          description: The IDs of the views to delete\n          required: true\n          schema:\n            type: string\n          example: 1,2,3\n      responses:\n        '204':\n          description: No Content response\n  /api/v2/views/preview:\n    post:\n      operationId: PreviewViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Post  Api V2 Views Preview\n      description: >\n        You can preview views by constructing the conditions in the proper\n        format and nesting them under the `view` property. See [Conditions\n        reference](/documentation/ticketing/reference-guides/conditions-reference/).\n        The output can also be controlled by passing in any of the following\n        parameters and nesting them under the `output` property.\n\n\n        | Name            | Type    | Comment\n\n        | --------------- | ------- | -------\n\n        | columns         | Array   | The ticket fields to display. System\n\
  \        fields are looked up by name, custom fields by title or id. See the\n        [View columns](#view-columns) table\n\n        | group_by        | String  | When present, the field by which the\n        tickets are grouped\n\n        | group_order     | String  | The direction the tickets are grouped. May\n        be one of \"asc\" or \"desc\"\n\n        | sort_order      | String  | The direction the tickets are sorted. May\n        be one of \"asc\" or \"desc\"\n\n        | sort_by         | String  | The ticket field used for sorting. This\n        will either be a title or a custom field id.\n\n\n        This endpoint is rate limited to 5 requests per minute, per view, per\n        agent.\n\n\n        #### Pagination\n\n\n        - Cursor pagination (recommended)\n\n        - Offset pagination\n\n\n        See [Pagination](/api-reference/introduction/pagination/).\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success\
  \ response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewPreviewResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/preview/count:\n    post:\n      operationId: PreviewCount\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Post  Api V2 Views Preview Count\n      description: |\n        Returns the ticket count for a single preview.\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n        * Agents\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewCountResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewCountResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/search:\n    get:\n      operationId: SearchViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n   \
  \   summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views Search\n      description: >\n        #### Pagination\n\n\n        * Offset pagination only\n\n\n        See [Using Offset\n        Pagination](/api-reference/introduction/pagination/#using-offset-pagination).\n\n\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n\n\n        #### Sideloads\n\n\n        The following sideloads are supported. For more information, see\n        [Side-loading](/documentation/ticketing/using-the-zendesk-api/side_loading/).\n\n\n        | Name             | Will sideload\n\n        | ---------------- | -------------\n\n        | app_installation | The app installation that requires each view, if\n        present\n\n        | permissions      | The permissions for each view\n      parameters:\n        - name: query\n          in: query\n          description: Query string used to find all views with matching title\n          required: true\n          schema:\n            type: string\n          example: sales&group_id=25789188\n\
  \        - name: access\n          in: query\n          description: Filter views by access. May be \"personal\", \"shared\", or \"account\"\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: active\n          in: query\n          description: Filter by active views if true or inactive views if false\n          schema:\n            type: boolean\n        - name: group_id\n          in: query\n          description: Filter views by group\n          schema:\n            type: integer\n        - name: sort_by\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            Possible values are \"alphabetical\", \"created_at\", \"updated_at\", and\n            \"position\". If unspecified, the views are sorted by relevance\n          schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: sort_order\n          in: query\n          description: >-\n            One of \"asc\" or \"desc\". Defaults to \"asc\" for alphabetical and\n            position sort, \"desc\" for all others\n        \
  \  schema:\n            type: string\n        - name: include\n          in: query\n          description: A sideload to include in the response. See [Sideloads](#sideloads-3)\n          schema:\n            type: string\n          example: permissions\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewsResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewsResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/show_many:\n    get:\n      operationId: ListViewsById\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Get  Api V2 Views Show_many\n      description: >\n        #### Allowed For\n\n\n        * Agents\n\n\n        #### Sideloads\n\n\n        The following sideloads are supported:\n\n\n        | Name             | Will sideload\n\n        | ---------------- | -------------\n\n        | app_installation\
  \ | The app installation that requires each view, if\n        present\n\n        | permissions      | The permissions for each view\n      parameters:\n        - name: ids\n          in: query\n          description: List of view's ids separated by commas.\n          required: true\n          schema:\n            type: string\n          example: 1,2,3\n        - name: active\n          in: query\n          description: Only active views if true, inactive views if false\n          schema:\n            type: boolean\n      responses:\n        '200':\n          description: Success response\n          content:\n            application/json:\n              schema:\n                $ref: '#/components/schemas/ViewsResponse'\n              examples:\n                default:\n                  $ref: '#/components/examples/ViewsResponseExample'\n  /api/v2/views/update_many:\n    put:\n      operationId: UpdateManyViews\n      tags:\n        - Views\n      summary: Zendesk Put  Api V2 Views Update_many\n\
  \      description: |\n        #### Allowed For\n\n        * Agents\n\n        #### Request Parameters\n\n        The PUT request expects a `views` object that lists the views to upda\n\n# --- truncated at 32 KB (34 KB total) ---\n# Full source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/zendesk/refs/heads/main/openapi/views-openapi-original.yml\n"
source_yaml_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/api-evangelist/zendesk/refs/heads/main/openapi/views-openapi-original.yml
tags:
- Views
---
